Back when I was in the detention center, they let me out just once to visit the scene of my crime.
It was standard procedure to confirm the details of the incident.
This is where you took off your clothes, right?
Yes.
There was a thin rope tied to my handcuffs. They had me walking like an animal.
Like that lady’s dog.
And you showed your exposed lower half to the woman walking her dog, yes?
Yes.
Now why would you go and do that? Is waving your cock around really that much fun?
I’d imagine so. Not that guys like us we could understand what gets a sicko off.
No one in this world understands what I’m saying. Not a single one.
I felt no sexual arousal.
Again with that? Don’t give me that bullshit, why would anyone take off their clothes unless they were getting off on it?!
It was art. Performance art.
Sickos say the darndest things, huh?
This is something I learned early on.
What was the victim’s dog named again?
Not a single person fully understood my emotions. My feelings.
Penis, right?
Except for him.
That’s him, right, ‘Exhibitiman’? That freak from Mrs. Minato’s place?
The thought of having someone in the neighborhood who shows their crotch off to people makes me want to vomit...
The investigation was held near my house.
It was a slope-heavy residential neighborhood on the border between Tokyo and Kanagawa.
And you know, people started calling the dog, Penz, ‘Penis’ after that.
I hear the dog himself’s started to think his name is Penis too.
It shocked the poor dear so much that she still isn’t out of the hospital.
There’s a school in the neighborhood, too, that I used to go to.
No one there understood me, either.
My, how sad...
My parents never came to visit. Not once.
......
The lady’s quivering, scared face is burned into my mind.
Ah!
Haa, haa...
Are you all right, Shuichiro? Did you have that dream about sports day again?
N-No—
Come on, sickos, out of those beds!
Shall we get out of bed, Shuichiro?
Yeah.
Dear Hinako.
It has been almost a week since my incarceration in this prison.
Out of your cells and in a line, right now! And don’t act like you pieces of shit can manage your time—be grateful we’re doing it for you!
I’ve gotten rather used to life here.
What? You want me to manage your ejaculations, too? Listen, any crotch rubbing is strictly forbidden in the facility! If I so much as catch wind of a hand on a shaft, I’ll come running—and you won’t like it!
Sirens ring at six in the morning, and we have to be standing in front of our cell bars within three minutes.
A bit of an unpleasant smell invades my nostrils as we incarcerated all snap into action.
By incarcerated I mean prisoners. They also call us inmates or convicts here on facility grounds.
When the cells are unlocked, the guards take a look around in every cell.
Everything in the prison has to be well-organized.
You call this a made bed? How many times have I told you that a clean room houses a clean mind? Do you WANT to get better?!
Ah, sorry, ma’am!
I was praised for properly folding up my sheets.
Really, anyone would pick up tidy habits after three days down here.
I almost miss hearing you scold me for having a messy room.
Dandelions, on your feet! Sicko squad, advance!
Here in the prison, they call us in the Obscenity Ward the Dandelions.
Sex Crimes Ward folks are called Sunflowers, and those in the Serious Offenses Ward are the Tulips.
You know who else thinks about dicks and laughs to themselves all day every day, besides sex criminals like you? That’s right, kindergarteners and shonen manga artists!
Ahegao is full of energy today too. She’s showing her O-face right away...
By the way, most of the guards in charge of us have nicknames.
The prisoners generally come up with them based on how they look or act.
The guards themselves have no idea, of course.
But kindergarteners are pure of heart, and shonen manga artists are on kindergarten level! But you sickmates? Rotten to the core!
Everything gets shortened in here.
Sicko inmates? Sickmates.
That’s what we get called here sometimes.
And that’s why you’re here—to get those pure hearts back! Legs raised, cocks untouched, go! One-two, one-two!
When we have a guard ordering us, we have to move around in lines.
We have to keep a certain distance from whoever is in front of us, keep our fingers straight, and take high steps.
Hey, Melon Farm’s coming!
You! You there! What the fuck is this finger curling?! Can’t you keep them straight?!
One barely has to lift a finger to aggravate the guards.
Or is this your desire to get fingering, huh? Your nervous system picked up your hunger to jam that index finger into a pussy, and now it’s coiled to strike? You think I would let that shit slide?!
H-Huh? No, that’s not... I...!
This disgusting, filthy little sex offender’s cock couldn’t hold a candle to a kindergartener’s, or worse, a shonen manga artist’s!
But nothing earns their ire quite like talking back.
It’s tough in here, but mealtime keeps my spirits up.
Here’s your B set! All right, what do you want?
B, please.
There’s an A set and a B set. The A set is for those who stand on the job, and it has a bit more rice than the other.
There’s your B set! Next? Come on, the line’s clogging up, out with it!
Other prisoners make the food.
Most of the caretaking and cleanup is done by prisoners here.
You can sit wherever you’d like, but you get yelled at if you sit too far from anyone.
The space will only fit us all if we pack it logically.
Commence dining!
Breakfast begins every morning at seven.
When you get used to it, the food here is surprisingly tasty.
That said, it is a little light on the flavor side. It makes me miss the curry you always made.
Aside from the A and B sets, I hear there’s paste-like food for senior prisoners.
Everything on the menu is pretty decent. To prisoners with no other entertainment, mealtime is precious.
Hey, this ain’t enough for a man with a standing job like me. Give me your dessert.
S-Sure...
You might want to steal or trade your food since it’s tasty, but this is a trap.
I saw you give him your food. You’ve just committed an illicit exchange!
B-But I can’t eat any more, and if we’re just going to throw it away...
Insubordination! Shut up and follow the rules, you piece of shit!
It gets you beat down.
Breakfast is over! Clean up and prepare for work!
At seven-thirty, breakfast ends.
We tidy up our tableware and put leftovers in buckets.
Apparently, they have pigs here that they feed them to.
Boss, I’ve finished cleaning the table and chairs!
Though to the guards, I imagine we all look like livestock.
Ah, good job as always, 0858!
Some prisoners call the guards “boss.”
Eheh, b-boss...
I’m not sure why “officer” won’t do, but it seems to be a custom.
‘Ehehe’, my ass. Crappymori just can’t stop fucking brown-nosing...
Prisoners who brown-nose the guards are seen as suck-ups and despised by their peers.
Can’t believe I have to hear her voice this early, and through my good ear, no less...
Next, we have to line up and head to our workstations. Work starts at eight.
Does she ever get tired of all the shit on her nose?!
You really want to take care of what you need to before then.
Excuse me! Bathroom, please!
There are rules about using the bathroom, too.
Those who wish to go first form a line.
Then, you undo your crotch button and wait your turn.
Where’s your bathroom announcement?!
When going into a stall, you have to announce it to the officer on duty.
Excuse me. Bathroom, please.
(END)
Even when you make it to the old Japanese-style squat toilet, you can’t quite take your time and do your business.
Punishment awaits if you’re even slightly late.
Tulip Prison is supposed to be famously strict about time, and the shoe fits.
Movement to workstations is in 3 minutes! Run!
They’re pretty harsh when it comes to scheduling here. You get yelled at for being even a few seconds late.
Everything has to go according to the calendar you’re supposed to get at the start of the month.
On your way to your workstation, you have to pass by the inspection room.
You find your jacket among the mass of racks in the room.
You’re seen as on the job while you wear the jacket, and you’re not allowed a break with it on.
Then, you have to stand in front of the white line drawn in front of the guard on duty and stay still.
Number 0720.
All right, mouth open.
Ahhh...
We do this “can-can” dance so they can see we don’t have anything against regulations on us.
Looking as much of a dumbass as ever, 0720. Taking stuff like this in your mouth what get you arrested, you slut? Get outta here.
Thank you, ma’am.
Some will thank the guards for making them humiliate themselves in this fashion, but no one will complain.
Everyone in Tulip Prison says not to think too much about pain. About the shame.
That’s probably the secret to living here.
Our workplaces are decided by an internal council.
Before getting imprisoned, I remember being taken to a room with a bunch of older people behind a long desk.
They look at your aptitude and pick out an appropriate workplace.
Cooks or dieticians, for example, will go to the kitchen.
It’s a very popular job. Not only do you get snacks, but you get to bathe every day due to hygiene concerns.
I was assigned to the paper room, where you make paper and stuff. It’s not popular, but not hated, either.
All right, looks like it’s about time. Sicko Squad, commence hand rubbing!
At 7:55, the sound of rubbing fills the room.
This is a custom we do after reports to warm up our hands and prevent injuries.
Rub them like you mean it! I don’t want to see any injuries on the job! And if so much as the thought of wanting to rub something else crosses your mind, I’m shoving you in solitary!
Now, get to work!
At eight o’clock on the dot, work starts.
We make notebooks and other stationery here.
They call them prison-made goods, and I hear they’re quite cheap on the general market.
If you’ve bought a notebook recently, it just might be one I made.
......
My job is gluing together piles of cut paper into a book-like shape.
It’s very simple.
However, you have to be careful about everything you do in the paper room.
Blue-footed booby? What kinda perv names these...?
The facility has an extensive and restrictive code of conduct.
The officers are always checking it to make sure no one is acting in violation.
You SON of a BITCH!
If you blow it down here, first you’ll get yelled at.
Who said you could wipe your sweat with a towel? What the hell’s your angle?!
Simply wiping your sweaty brow with a towel will have you charged with Illicit Wiping.
You’ll lose half your pay and all your leisure time for the day as punishment! Do it again and you’re in solitary!
The general punishment for violations is a docking of pay.
Our pay isn’t that much to begin with. A new prisoner, a 10th-class worker, has a pay of about 1070 yen per month.
Even a much more skilled first-class worker only gets a monthly salary of 7600 yen.
We get our first break when work calms down around eleven o’clock, but that’s no time to drop your guard.
Don’t think you can start talking dirty just because it’s break time!
The guards know how much the prisoners loosen up when away from their workstations.
You are NOT to even hint at any erotic vocabulary, got that? Cock, dick, pussy, snatch, sopping cunt, cocksleeve, village bike, none of that!
If you let a dirty word slip because no one’s watching, a guard will come out of nowhere to get you.
Once, I overheard a prisoner talking about a famous anime—it was one you’re fond of, Hinako.
You son of a bitch! You just said ‘I’m a cock,’ didn’t you?!
Oh, don’t tell me this pervert shit is going international and global! Clitmate change, global edging, machine gooning... we’ve got enough problems as is!
I’ve learned that “Isono Katsuo” is apparently super dirty in Italian.
Mundane blunders like these are met with a variety of punishments.
They vary in intensity, but let me go over a few.
- The Walk of Shame.
Uwahhhhh!
You’re too slow! Pick up the pace if you don’t want to lose that pathetic penis of yours!
A rope is tied around the prisoner’s genitalia, forcing them to run and keep up with a guard on a segway.
To fall behind is to feel incredible pain, and many fear it for leaving men with true phimosis. One’s lower head will never see the light of day again.
- Facesitting.
How’s this? Hurts, doesn’t it? No matter how much of a sicko you are, having this pushed on you is real humiliating, isn’t it? Well, keep suffering because there’s more where that came from!
Ahhh! It hurts! It stinks!
The guards use their characteristically thick buttocks to block off the prisoner’s respiratory system with a combination of pressure and stench.
They will often accuse the prisoner of getting aroused by the facesitting, leading to the next punishment. I’m told this is their intent from the start.
- Nipple Exposure.
How filthy! So dark and bumpy... How much do you have to mess with them to get them like that?!
And they’re so long... Ugh, they’re basically ovals! Disgusting!
Snff... Snff...!
The prisoner’s nipples are looked at by guards, and they are forced to hear their opinions on them for a good twenty minutes.
Then, the iron maiden.
Judgment!
That one is nothing but a punch to the head.
After you take your jacket off at inspection, you’re allowed onto the yard.
......
We prisoners don’t have many chances to get a good bit of sunlight.
Hinako, I’m sure you can imagine how painful it is to be robbed of that time.
The facility generally has cloudy weather and sees frequent snowfall, so seeing the sun properly is a rarity.
Still, you’ll see people on the yard jogging or playing catch with the gloves you can borrow.
Most people here are divided into groups.
They called me the Passer back on the outside. I find my target and pass her, I’m cumming in just about 0.3 seconds. You can put that shit in Guinness.
You know how bike saddles rub up against dicks? That makes them too lewd to leave lying around, so I confiscated a good thousand of them. God, jamming them down my throat was to
This is a coed facility.
While that is rare for a correctional institution, I hear it’s because this prison only houses sex criminals.
They say it’s to help them control their desire for the opposite sex.
That said, even the new entries have found homes in groups of folks they get along with.
......
I’m sure this won’t surprise you, but I’m alone as usual.
There is, however, someone else who’s just as alone as I am.
Huh? Isn’t that... damn, what was her name? It’s not sexual, so I can’t remember!
It’s that girl... Oh, I could never forget. I remember the name of every girl who looks like she’s got no hair down there.
Most of the prisoners here have two names.
Some got their nicknames from police or the public prior to their arrests, while others pick them up in the facility.
......
The older man pointed at a girl who looked a bit older than me.
Oh, yeah, right! Drone Girl! She was on the news!
I hear she took creepvids of thousands of people and sold them, then came while watching the illegal re-uploads. A real sicko for the papers!
Thousands? I heard it was hundreds of millions.
Crimes committed on the outside often seem to get exaggerated down here.
Hinako, you might have heard of a “Drone Girl” before.
I haven’t, but it seems she committed quite the crime.
......
I caught sight of her crouching at the foot of the building.
Her stance looked full of intention. She looked a bit like the detectives who interrogated me.
I was a little curious, but the bell announcing the end of the break rang.
After that break comes lunch, then work immediately after.
Prisoners eat lunch with their work teams.
It’s efficient, since organization and movement take up time.
At one o’clock, work in the paper room begins again.
On a normal day, we don’t get any breaks until six o’clock.
......
The deputy warden is always sitting at the desk at the front of the room.
Almost like a schoolteacher, really.
Only a fool does things strictly by the book! Strive to use your head and work efficiently!
Another guard walks around us, patrolling.
She has what appears to be a pocket watch in her hand, and she’s always jingling its long chain.
Haa... haa... ha... ha...!
I had noticed how heavily the man next to me had been breathing since morning.
He’d been rubbing his thighs together, pushing his crotch against the desk, and looking at the female prisoners with bloodshot, hungry eyes.
The moment the guard turned her back, it happened.
Ugwahhhhh!
A female prisoner working with a large strip of white paper on her lap fell clear out of her chair.
Eep! H-Hey, hands off my suit!
Panties, show me your goddamn panties! I can’t live in a world without the light of underweaaaaaaar!
The man started to lick the paper, drool slobbering all over.
What the hell are you doing, you son of a bitch?! Get yourself up!
No, damn it! I can’t take this darkness anymore! These are, they’re my panties! My light! And I need more, more light!
You panty pervert, what the hell are you... Gghhk!
The man was almost twice Officer Yamagishi’s size.
When they began to grapple, it was clear that she would lose the contest of brute strength.
Get the SST to the paper room. Now.
The guards, though, aren’t the only security the prison has.
Hn!
The man went flying, knocking aside a nearby chair.
......
There’s a group called the SST, the Special Security Team, that specializes in security and putting down riots.
The guards are nearly entirely women, but this team stands out as particularly special.
They all wear masks, so no one knows their faces.
Nor do we know how many of them there are.
This elicits even more fear among us prisoners.
They don’t move unless the guards call for them, but once they do, there’s no stopping them.
Target leaving through the entrance. Mashiro.
It was not just the sound of one gunshot that followed.
Three, four, five... I think I heard a tenth before they stopped.
They weren’t actual bullets, but rubber ones.
I hear they use special handguns made to stop riots and uprisings in the prison.
......
The woman from the security team dragged the man far larger than herself off with one hand.
You’re that freak who stuck himself down a manhole for days to peek up skirts, aren’t you? Did you think that white paper was a pair of panties and get all excited, you sicko? Is that it?
Ah... guh... I just wanted... my light...
Silence, freak!
Officer Yamagishi and Commander Ohtabe, take him to solitary.
On it, Captain Shikolenko!
Come with us.
The punishments I mentioned earlier are nothing, really.
Not compared to solitary confinement.
S-Solitary?! W-Wait, please, think this over! I-I can’t take that kind of darkness! I’m begging you!
Shut the hell up, you! You think I’ve forgiven you for having your way with me like a helpless virgin? Well, look forward to what happens to your score!
Hinako, have you ever thought it strange?
Strange that some prisoners get released before their original sentences are up?
P-Please, I’m begging you, I can’t afford to have my sentence any longer!
This is all because of our “sicko scores.”
The more well-behaved the prisoner, the lower their score goes.
It goes down the longer you’re in, and when it hits zero, you get out.
Then learn how to keep your desires in check. Take him away.
Causing problems, however, makes your score go up. The higher the score, the more days are added to your sentence.
There are even prisoners whose original sentences are long over, but who are still behind bars because of their scores.
In a normal prison, breaking the law can extend your sentence.
In Tulip Prison, however, violating the slightest parts of the code of conduct extends your sentence.
The system appears insane at a glance, but Tulip Prison has a surprisingly high rehabilitation rate, with relatively many of its prisoners reintegrating into society.
Nooo! I don’t wanna go to solitaryyyyyyyy!
Those whose actions are out of bounds are sent to solitary confinement down below.
I have not heard a word about what kind of place the solitary confinement cells are.
Based on people’s reactions, though, I can tell that they must be utterly awful.
(END)
Much like lunch, baths are conducted with work teams.
This is a luxury we get only once per few days.
I know how clean you like to keep, Hinako, so I think you would have a rough time here.
Since plenty of prisoners are in and out of the bath, the big tubs always have grime floating around in them.
There are also strict rules surrounding bathing.
Reverse buckets!
At the guard’s call, we all dump the hot water from the bath onto our bodies.
We are only allowed to use the buckets twice per bath.
We also only get fifteen minutes in the bath proper.
There is a board of lights over the guard’s head that alerts us of the time.
They are aligned like traffic lights, and much like those, green means we get to enjoy our soak.
We wash up with the showers after this, but you need to be careful not to splash water on the person next to you.
I’ve seen people come to blows over accusations of splashing.
Number 0781! I’m done with the razor, ma’am!
All right, good.
If using a razor, you are required to show that the blade is still attached before returning it.
Shaving is strictly regulated, as well. One is allowed only two centimeters of sideburns, and uneven beard shaves are strictly forbidden.
Since I’m bald and don’t sprout much facial hair, I get more time in the bath.
Bath time ends in three minutes!
The light shifting to yellow is the signal that there are only three minutes left.
Turning red means it’s time to get out, where we’ll have to endure another few bathless days.
When it’s six o’clock in the evening and the sun has started to set, we get another hour of break time.
Working hours are kept to a strict eight hours, and seven hours on bathing days.
To go over that would violate labor laws, which they seem concerned about, so they keep our hours in check.
Seven o’clock is dinner in the cafeteria for the whole facility.
You get a sheet beforehand that tells you what is on the menu.
I hear that curry and tonkatsu are quite popular.
Hijiki and grilled fish today? That sucks. What’re we having tomorrow?
Furikake sprinklings, fried egg, and milk for breakfast, then vermicelli salad and mapo tofu for dinner.
Ughh, when are we getting bread? How are we supposed to
Most of the conversations I hear over meals are like that.
What’s tomorrow’s meal? What’s next at work? And so on.
Quiz time, old man! What kind of score are you sitting on now?
I’m 0.013, I remember!
Then you’ve got a year and some change if you play your cards right. I’m still up there with 0.053...
Scores and days left in sentences are also popular conversation topics.
I don’t hear anything too scary here in the facility, really.
I remember something my lawyer told me before I was incarcerated.
Rape is common in prison, but completely absent over there. Tulip Prison is as clean as it gets.
But remember, Hinako.
This is a prison made up only of those society says can’t be rehabilitated.
But while we’re eagerly waiting for the day when we can finally leave to come...
...they’ll probably keep hitting us with senseless violence, taming us like livestock.
Said someone a seat over.
After dinner, we line up and head to our cells.
Tulip Prison only has single-occupant cells.
I’m told this is to prevent prisoners from committing, well, acts of indecency with each other.
There are a few different types of cells.
Some prisoners, like the ones around me, only enter their cells at night.
Some stay in their cells all day and night. I hear theirs have TV sets in them.
However, I hear those kinds of prisoners mostly aren’t present in the facility.
There are also maximum-security prisoners, but I don’t know much about them.
If there are already prisoners who have to stay in their cells all day, how do you get more secure than that?
And that concludes reports! Sicko Squad, into your cells!
When the reports that start around eight o’clock end, the prisoners enter their cells.
Though dark and dank, it’s a space where one can finally be alone.
By the way, toilet paper in the cells is extremely limited.
You only get one roll at the start of the week, so you have to ration it well.
I’ve heard people murmur that that’s the reason for the slight reek that pervades the cell block.
After stepping into our cell, you have to write in your rehabilitation journal.
You get yelled at if you write anything weird or flippant there, so it demands seriousness.
And those are the rules of Tulip Prison.
Hinako, life here is... much harder... than I had expected...
I will look forward to the day I can see you again, and let that hope encourage me through my obligations here.
So please... take care of yourself, and... give my best to Chima and Lou...
Corjally yours...
Pencils! Pencils! I’ll take them if you’re done!
I give my pencil and notebook to the lady who comes around rolling an old wooden cart.
Just say the word if you’re finished writing! Pencils! Penciiils!
In the end... I forgot how to spell ‘cordially.’
I’ve never actually written something proper and longform, so I didn’t know what to do about this journal.
That’s why I decided to write one big letter to my sister in parts.
I hope I can bundle it up and send it to her one day.
All right, lights-out!
At nine o’clock at night, it’s time for bed.
Saying even one word after lights-out gets you punishment.
I had no idea that just not having the internet would be this boring.
I don’t think I messed around with my tablet THAT much.
Being without the internet feels like I’ve been quarantined away from the world.
There is nothing in the night but quiet.
No, I can hear waves coming from... somewhere.
The facts of my life are clearest to me in these hours. Tulip Prison is a lonely island, and I am a prisoner.
......
The slight stink from the toilet sticks in my nose.
It feels like I’ve just passed a public restroom.
Maybe it would be better if I just flushed...
Though to be honest, I’ve started noticing it less and less since my first day here.
...they’ll probably keep hitting us with senseless violence, taming us like livestock.
......
He’s probably right.
I’ll probably get used to it and be tamed myself.
There’s... no water.
No matter how much I twist the faucet, no water comes out.
The lights in all the cells immediately come on.
Chapter 69! We’ve got a Chapter 69 on our hands!
The prisoner on duty hisses out a warning to the others in their cells.
Number 0654, Number 0698, Number 0720, Number 0781...
My number is called.
And my cell is unlocked.
As I try to look around for hints on what to do, Captain Shikolenko enters my cell.
Your number?
0720.
Good. Strip.
Hm...?
Chapter 69. Clothes off, now.
What do you m—gh?!
You haven’t forgotten that Acts of Crotch Friction are the most heavily punished in the facility, have you?
This is an unannounced check for that. Clothes off, now!
I take my clothes off, and Captain Shikolenko grabs my penis.
Gh......!
I stiffen up, having no idea what is going on.
A... normal erection? Can’t jump to conclusions. Anything will get a man hard. Well, except for thinking about his mother’s face.
Blasssst rope, blassst rope, let the boss, blow your load!
She begins to quietly rub me.
Ahh, n-no, hands off, you’re going to suck out my magic! I’m going to lose all my powerrrr!
I hear moans from the other cells.
This is a masturbation inspection.
One to see if we’ve been touching ourselves on facility grounds.
I don’t think I’ve seen male genitalia this stiff. Looks like it should ejaculate any moment now.
I feel her glove rubbing slowly against me, back and forth.
Though a sensation I am familiar with, it feels so distant. So nostalgic.
Yet no practical sign of climax. Don’t tell me you’re actually enjoying this inspection.
Ghk...!
I let out an unconscious groan.
Captain Shikolenko suddenly grips my cock harder.
If you’re holding back, then hurry up and ejaculate. I don’t have all night! There are other dicks waiting!
She speeds up, sloppy and rough.
Her hand starts to cover the head as well as the skin.
Precum starts to coat her glove, smoothing out her motions.
No bending! During Chapter 69, you are to stand absolutely still and cleanly, properly expel your fluids!
She furrows her brow and continues to rub, looking absolutely disgusted as she does.
Come on, cum! Come on already, cum! Cum! Cum!
Though I grit my teeth, I realize I’m almost at my limit.
While normally I would be able to endure, my lower half has been without stimulation for a good week now.
Cum, cum! Cum, cum, cum, cum!
My ability to think drops as far as it can.
Before I know it, it comes.
Hurry up with that ejaculation!
Pleasure is forbidden in this prison.
Gh...!
All the built-up semen is expelled into the beaker.
It’s thicker than I’ve ever seen before, and a little yellowy on top.
Nn...!
Hardness, color, ejaculation speed, and semen volume are all normal... Hm.
Captain Shikolenko scoffs as she discards her glove in disgust.
You pass. I give you permission to sit. Number 0720, all clear!
Seeming to have lost all interest in me, Captain Shikolenko leaves my cell.
So, this is Chapter 69.
An irregular masturbation exam. Good to know.
Number 0654, all clear!
Number 0698, all clear!
Number 0781, unsatisfactory ejaculation! Code yellow!
A man is dragged out into the center of the hall.
He falls on his ass and desperately holds his arms out as Captain Shikolenko makes her measured approach.
W-Wait, wait, you have it all wrong! I haven’t been masturbating! I make sure to think of my mom’s face whenever I get hard!
So you’re into mother-son incest, then?! Disgusting, I can’t even look at you!
You’ve got it all wrong! I mean, incest porn, yes, but not real incest...! Look, every Japanese man is like that! It’s what you learn in public schools! Please, Mom, you gotta believe me!
While some prisoners call the guards “boss,” others will call them “pops.”
But since this prison’s guard staff is all women, some call them “mom.”
It’s because they take care of us, but personally, I feel like “sis” or “big sis” would be more applicable.
Do you think we’re doing these tests at complete random?
Urgh...!
We have intimate knowledge of all of your nocturnal emissions.
Everyone chosen tonight has had clean underwear. Circumstantial evidence.
And besides, Passjizzer, aren’t you famous for your speed? Are you not the sicko who finds gratification in cumming over a woman’s skirt two seconds after passing her by?
It’s just Passer...
Your file said that you hated the short arc of your spurts from how empty you were, so you trained your nocturnal emissions to get your time down to one second, working on your strengths.
Yet you took all of two minutes to ejaculate. If that is not evidence of your acts of crotch friction, then what could be?
But, mom...!
Mom my ass, motherfucker!
Even veterans of the prison have a hard time escaping the guards’ punishment.
In fact, those who have lived so ascetically for so long end up suffering more under the pressure.
We will now conduct a crotch-lashing! All inmates are to stand up straight and watch, without a second of averted eyes!
The prisoner is tied to a long iron plate that resembles a torture device.
Then, his exposed penis is laid onto a perfectly sized platform.
Be! Normal! Be! Normal! You sick freak! You antisocial trash!
His penis is whipped again and again. Hard.
Gwah! Gghk, ahh! S-Stop, I beg of you! I-I won’t jerk off anymore! Please, just stop!
Quit your whining! It’s too late to cum! Let this pain smack the freak out of you!
Passer ejaculates with every strike to his penis.
I hear this punishment is called “pussywhipping” when enacted on female prisoners.
Since they don’t ejaculate like men do, I’m not sure how they check if they’ve been masturbating.
Rumor has it they measure it by squirt volume.
You slut! Let’s hear it: ‘I’m a slutty bitch who loves playing with her vagina!’
Ahh, nn, mm! Sorry, oh, it hurts! I’m, ahhh, I’m a slutty bitch who can’t stop playing with her pussy! Nn, sorry for masturbating twice yesterday!
Who said you could use a depraved word like ‘pussy’?! And you came twice? Why do you think you’re in this facility?!
Repent and regret your actions, you sickos!
Violence is considered a corrective treatment in this prison.
The beaten prisoners are collapsed and unmoving.
Inmate on duty! Take this terminal masturbator to the infirmary.
We are in the bowels of hell.
Let this be a lesson to you, you diseased of soul. Listen well.
If you don’t want to end up like this, don’t even
And no one can resist the powers that oppress us.
I can’t believe we can’t even jerk off.
A normal adult man should require two or more bouts of masturbation a day.
And I would, we would, be denied that?
For all of ten years or more?
Starting to suffer, Shuichiro?
I’ll say. But, well...
If I masturbate, they’ll whip my dick.
I can’t let that happen.
I’ll take a vow of hand-celibacy. I won’t masturbate as long as I’m in here.
Are you really capable of that, though? A young man like yourself?
It’s not a matter of can or can’t—I’m doing it. For your sake, Amatsu.
And if this is part of my atonement, well...
...I’ll give it a go.
I finally find myself able to smile.
And I feel that Amatsu, hidden in the darkness, also smiles back at me.
(END)
My long first week is finally coming to an end.
You’re all off work today! Follow the rules and get some rest!
We only get Sundays off in Tulip Prison.
Since there’s no work to be had at any of the workstations, I think I might be able to get some relaxation in.
Everyone who wants to pull out of here is in the line? Good. Sicko Squad, advance!
We aren’t fully free, though. If we want to go outside, we have to march like we always do.
And listen, when I say ‘pull out,’ I mean get out of the building, not that thing men do when they want to ram it raw but don’t have the stones to get her pregnant!
They tell me that once outside, you’re not allowed freely back to your cell until lunch at twelve or dinner at six.
Exercise comes highly recommended on days off, and there are even, apparently, sports clubs.
Baseball, table tennis, boxing—they’ve got a wide variety here.
I don’t like sports too much, though, so I haven’t joined any.
Instead, I’ll spend six hours here doing absolutely nothing.
......
Either way, a crappy day off is still a day off.
It’s my first day off, and that alone puts a smile on my face.
The facilities of Tulip Prison are nothing you could call expansive.
You could probably sprint from one end of the place to the other in a flash.
I end up in the library for prisoners.
It’s my first time here, but it smells like the public library Hinako took me to so long ago.
So what happened to Passer?
He still isn’t out of the infirmary. His penis swelled up to twice its size... even though it only got twenty percent bigger when erect.
I find an atlas like the type you’d see in a grade school geography class and flip to one of the later pages.
It says that this isolated island, about twenty kilometers away from the nearest port, used to be a coal mine.
The island is 400 by 240 meters, with a maximum elevation of 50 meters. It looks like it was built up around what used to be just a rock sticking out of the water.
What surprises me most, though, is to learn that as many as 5300 people lived here when it was a coal mine.
They shuttered it when coal went out of fashion, and it was absorbed by some group somewhere.
Wonder if that means he can bust twice as far now?
Here’s hoping...
In other words, they took a whole island and turned it into a fortress. Into a prison.
The benefits of doing so were apparently huge.
I leave the library behind and head out to the yard.
......
This yard, apparently, used to be a bunch of lodgings jammed together. They took the building apart and filled the lot left behind with dirt.
I can see a tall wall.
Though I can’t say a number, it has to be three meters tall at the shortest.
The wall covers the whole island.
It’s what keeps the prisoners inside.
There’s a bird up there.
The wall alone is enough to make me think escape from here is impossible.
It was explained to me that we’re able to make phone calls during breaks.
Guess these are the phones.
The phone center is pretty close to the yard and has about a dozen receivers all lined up.
There are partitions that cover the upper body for privacy, but no stalls. You have to have your conversation standing up.
Yeah... Mmm, I’ll be fine, Mom. When I’m out of here, no more stealing little boys’ slippers for me. I won’t sneak into any more grade schools...
We only get three calls a month.
There’s a limit to letters and visits, too.
I’m thinking of picking up something part-time and making donations to the local institution to make up for it. Slippers, of course...
They’ll warmly call me the Old Slipper Lady, and... Oh, we’re out of time, so I’ve got to hang up. Yeah, I love you even more than a nice, soft pair...
Each phone call lasts five minutes, and the phone fees are deducted from our salary.
A new worker gets about 1070 yen per month, no matter how hard they work.
Phone fees run about ten yen a minute, depending on the hour.
Prisoners with a lot to talk about lose a good chunk of their pay to the phone.
Still, there’s not much else to spend money on down here.
Looks like it’s finally my turn to make a phone call... That means my turn to use the phone has finally arrived.
Out of the way, old man! Go repeat yourself somewhere else! Here, I’ll even sweeten the deal with this.
F-Fifty yen? That’s huge money in the facility, are you sure? A-After all, fifty yen is huge money in here!
It seems cash is at least good for cutting in line, so maybe you can’t have too much of it after all.
I should probably save up for when I need something.
Still, I have no idea how they managed to avoid their cash being found during the cell inspections.
Awfully generous, Ozawa. Got money to spare to a man in the slammer for beating his junk outside?
Your horse winning has you rolling in the dough, huh?
Yeah, you know it. Heh, just can’t get out of this gamble racket.
Then, it’s my turn.
I turn the dial to the phone number I’ve memorized.
Come to think of it, I’ve never used this kind of phone before.
I used to just use my tablet for everything.
Boohoohoo...! Boohoohoo...!
Hey, Hinako. It’s been a while.
I’m calling my sister.
Her signature sobbing hasn’t changed.
I’m so happy you called, Shu! Are you okay? You doing fine in there? It’s not too tough, is it?
So far, so good.
Have you called Mom and Dad?
Not yet. I think they’ll hang up on me.
Yeah, they definitely would! Boohoohoo... Boohoohoo!
My parents cut me off the second time I got arrested.
I’ve only been in contact with my sister for the past year.
Hinako has already moved out and is living alone in the city center where she works.
M-My next day off! I don’t know when it’s gonna be, but I swear, I swear on my next day off I’m coming to visit you!
I’d advise against it with how sickly you are.
Hinako’s had a pretty weak heart since childhood, and her doctor has stopped her from traveling long distances.
She seems really busy with work, so I don’t want her to push herself.
Hell, dragging her out to the trial was stressful enough for her.
Hey, don’t cry.
Snff... I-Is there anything you want? Anything you want me to send you? T-They don’t let you have sweets in prison, right? W-Want me to bake you a tart or something and send it to you?
Wish we could share one.
D-Don’t say that. You’re just gonna make me cry more!
When everyone else abandoned me, Hinako still believed in me.
She’ll probably be the only one on my side from here on out.
Sweets will probably get caught up in inspections. They’re really strict about what you can bring in, so—
Hey, c’mon, just a little touch!
I turn back, the receiver still to my ear.
The group that cut in line seems to be surrounding someone.
Hey, hey! You know what a loophole bang is?
It’s a sex act snugly in a loophole in the rules, some perv shit you can do that’s juuuust within regulation, as long as it’s somethin’ necessary.
So, see, we’re about to play pretend train and have our bodies stick real close together. That kind of thing, you know, it just can’t be helped.
And if you don’t get caught, your score doesn’t move for shit.
No thanks. I’d really rather not.
The girl they surround is the one I remember being called Drone Girl.
Oh, listen to you. Some low-level sex criminal thinks she can talk big.
Yeah, I know you. You took creepshots, right? They call you Drone Girl?
Listen, girl, we’re being nice. How about you let him touch that pissy pussy of yours before you get hurt?
You’re just some perv who jerked it to creepshots. I bet you like getting touched! Gyahaha!
......
Shu, listen, we’ve only got one life to liiive!
Yeah.
S-So you gotta, you gotta live with no regrets!
So I’m going to save up my money and... Huh? Shu? Heyy, Shuuuu?!
I’ll do that.
......
Hm? The fuck you want?
Leave her alone.
Say that again.
Leave her alone.
This ain’t none of your business! You wanna throw down, punk?!
Violence is... wrong.
The fuck you think you’re saying, making a face like you’re a goddamn superhero?
Hey, hey, hey! Whaddaya think you are, a Gundam pilot?!
Listen, punk, you have any idea who I am?
None whatsoever.
Name’s Shoya Ozawa. They call me the Mad Dog of Hatae. The legendary Hatae Clan! Believe me, kid, you don’t wanna see my bite.
I bet you didn’t think he was such a scary guy, huh, kid? Shaking in your shoes now?
Who?
He’s saying he just might let you off if you get on your knees and beg for forgiveness!
Really, who are you?
......
I don’t know what’s going on, but you really ought to let her go.
This “Ozawa” fellow is a lot taller than me.
Though not exactly a bodybuilder, he certainly looks like he hits the gym.
That makes him all the more intimidating.
All right, motherfucker, what team are you on?
Team?
I’m asking who takes care of you here in prison! Who’s watching your ass?!
No one.
I have no friends or allies.
I only have myself.
Solo, huh? If you’re talkin’ back to me, I’m guessing you came in for some serious shit, right? Right?!
Who is this kid, anyway? I haven’t seen him around.
Probably new. Remember that wave of ’em that poured in a week back?
This newbie with no backup is trying to mess with US? What a dumbass!
All right, let’s hear it. What’d they shove you in here for? Murder?
Exhibitionism.
Huh?
I was arrested and jailed for the crime of exhibitionism.
By exhibitionism, you mean...
Indecent exposure.
......
......
Gyahahahaha!
Indecent exposure?! That’s weak as hell!
Hahaha! That’s the dumbest, funniest thing I’ve heard in here! Gyahaha!
You got a lot of guts talking big to us with such a pussy charge!
I urinated in public and pissed all over paintings to get more attention! We’re talking tens of millions of yen in damages! I could piss a bird in the eye, flying!
They got me for trespassing and property damage. I’d draw mosaic-free ART on roads and walls the nation over. Nothing made me smile like watching schoolgirls covering their friends’ eyes.
Know what they got me in here for? I attacked a broad, see, tore her clothes and skin up with a knife! Seein’ women suffer like that gets me rock fuckin’ hard like nothing else.
Wait, you two are in the Obscenity Ward, right?
Yeah.
Gyahahaha!
Ahahaha! Hey, y’know what they call you Obscenity Ward jokers here in prison?
I have not heard, no.
They call you Dickelions! A bunch of weenies like you can’t even commit a halfway decent sex crime!
So don’t even think a limp-dicked panty-snatcher like you can talk back to Sex Crimes Ward motherfuckers like us!
The Sex Crimes Ward.
The most populous cell ward in the prison, it’s where those who committed worse sex crimes than those in the Obscenity Ward are held.
The wards are divided by floors with the Sex Crimes Ward being a floor lower than the Obscenity Ward.
The worse the criminal, the farther down they are pushed.
Oh, yeah, what name’d the cops give you?
Exhibitiman.
Gyahahaha!
Goddamn, you trying to make us laugh to death? That SUCKS!
You okay, widdle Dickelion Exhibitiman? Can you go potty by yourself? Need a teacher to draw a widdle arrow on the wall?
Oh, no, you’re fine. You’re an expert at taking your clothes off, bathroom or not, right?
But keep that jumpsuit on, boss! Don’t want to make it look like we bullied you out of it, gahaha!
......
‘Nut picker’? What kind of sick jobs do they have people working out there...?
First Officer Yamagishi!
What’s wrong?!
What the hell are you guffawing about? What’s all this, then?!
Nothing at all, ma’am! We were simply teaching this newbie kid a thing or two about the facility. Isn’t that right, Exhibitiman?
You got a lot of guts running your mouth at me like that, kid.
Gh...
He’s got me at an angle that the guards can’t see. He must be used to this.
When Yamagishi gets her dumb ass out of here, Exhibitiman, I’m gonna give you a proper lesson in etiquette.
......
I may not be used to the prison, but even I can imagine what this “lesson” will be.
Or how about you work for us? Be our errand boy? I might just let you slide if you do.
Everyone needs friends here in prison. Particularly shrimps like you, heh.
You run tricks for us the rest of your life and I wouldn’t mind having your back when things get rough. Whaddaya say?
Not interested.
If I gave in, I would have to defer to this man for the rest of my days.
I don’t want to live like that.
So I’ll have to refuse.
You dumbass! You seriously going to throw yourself to the sharks?!
He tightens his grip.
I see genuine anger on his face.
How am I going to get out of this one?
......
Ah, see, this poor guy doesn’t even know how to use the phone! Kids these days, they’ve never even touched a payphone, you know?
I notice a woman peering from behind Officer Yamagishi.
She pantomimes turning a phone dial, then puts her hand in the air and quietly moves her mouth.
So I was showing him how it’s done! Like, you take this receiver here, you get your finger nice and deep in the dial and spin it like so...
The vague memory of Hinako showing me how to do this floats to mind.
Yeah, like this.
Like what?
You’re telling me you put that phone dialing form into him?
Yeah, you gotta loosen it up and—
That’s not gonna fly!
Urgh?!
Insertion of the finger into a phone dial at a depth greater than a quarter of an inch is strictly forbidden in the facility!
Huh?!
How many of you freaks do you think have gained some sort of sick satisfaction from fingering the payphones?! It’s written in the code of conduct, right here! Look!
Huh...?
And don’t give me the excuse that you didn’t know! Not only were you engaging in this twisted practice yourselves, but you encouraged a fresh prisoner to join in your debauchery!
Ghhk! But I...!
SST, take them away! You’re sentenced to writing lines until dinner! ‘I will not fingerbang the payphones’ a thousand times in a notebook and you’ll never do it again!
Ow! H-Hey, ho—
My hands are gonna be sopping pussies by the time—ah!
Lewd language with no hesitation?! You must really want to be punished, don’t you?!
The group is cuffed by the security team, and Officer Yamagishi leads them away.
......
......
Looks like I’m out of danger for now.
Did you... help me?
......?
The woman simply shoots me a quiet smile.
(END)
I find myself sitting on some steps in the yard next to her.
She didn’t say a word on the way here from the phones.
......
The woman doesn’t talk much and has a sort of fatigued allure to her.
She seems to be in her early to mid-twenties.
Hands on her lap, she leans against the steps behind us.
Why did you help me?
......?
I asked, why did you—
Oh, right!
Sorry, I can’t hear very well in one ear.
You can’t?
Yeah. My little sister and I pulled a prank. We hadn’t noticed how loud the feedback would get when making some ASMR...
How loud?
The sound of ear-licking punctured my eardrum—
Your eardrum?
And I haven’t been able to hear from this ear since. I’m used to it now, though. Haha.
She lets out a little chuckle, then turns to me.
My eyesight isn’t the best, either, so can you show me your face a little closer?
I slowly peer into her face.
Her eyelashes are so long they feel like they’re pointing at me.
Those eyes feel like they’ll suck me in too.
Heheh. But, well, I can tell what you’re saying if I look at your lips move.
I’m physically close enough to feel that.
......
I pick up a sweet scent.
Her soft skin has a strangely wet feel to it, too.
For some reason, I remember my sister.
(I can feel the power flowing into me... Are you all right, Shuichiro?)
(It’s fine, Amatsu. I’m calm. Of course I am.)
Hm? Is something the matter?
Nothing.
Pff, excuse me?
Looks like she really can read my lips.
Well, you’re a funny one. What was your name again?
Shuichiro.
Her eyes go wide for a moment, then she blinks.
Ah, Ran.
That’s my name, Ran Hanamaru. Good to meet you, Shuichiro.
I ended up spending a lot of time with Hanamaru.
The facility takes etiquette annoyingly seriously, so you’re going to want to pick it up!
How about calling me Miss Hanamaru for a bit? Like a school teacher?
Got it, Miss Hanamaru.
She taught me all sorts of prison know-how I needed to understand.
Let’s review, then. What do you say when you’ve done something wrong?
I’m sorry.
If someone is nice to you?
Thank you very much.
And if you’re apologizing?
Big sorry, bro.
Ahahaha!
She smacks her thigh and bursts out laughing.
Was that strange?
No, no, you did perfect, Shuichiro! Can I hear that again?
Big sorry, bro.
Ahaha! God...
I’m gradually mastering the contours of etiquette.
I should be able to speak to the guards without issue one day.
Phew... Shuichiro, you really are something.
She wipes the tears from her eyes and grabs my right elbow.
......
Let’s see, what else do you need to know... Oh, right.
The people who live here don’t usually refer to each other by their real names. You’ve noticed people using their nicknames, right?
Hanamaru will always pull me in close like this when telling me something on the secretive side.
What was your nickname, again?
Exhibitiman.
Got it, Exhibitiman. I think that’s how you want to introduce yourself to people, then.
What’s your nickname, Hanamaru?
Me? They call me Cultmaster.
Cultmaster? That’s a strange nickname.
Why the nicknames, though?
To keep you in your driver’s seat and not them, of course.
Driver’s seat?
Your name, your true name, is implanted on your soul. To know it is to be able to manipulate the ectoplasm in your soul, meaning—
......
......
Perhaps she was steeped deep in the occult and—
Ahaha, kidding, kidding. Like you could control someone with a name alone. Just an old wives’ tale, like cum flying or something.
You just made the goofiest face when I said my nickname was Cultmaster, so I just had to run with it a little. The name’s from a reaaaally old fantasy novel. I’m a real reader, you see.
I picked that name because I was in costume when I got arrested. They said I looked like the Pope, so the name just stuck.
Hanamaru’s laugh is awfully loud. Probably because she’s hard of hearing.
Still, I like that nonchalant smile of hers.
The real reason, though, is for when we get out. You know how sex criminals have a tough time reintegrating into society?
The problem is, you might have enemies in Tulip Prison who get out too. People who hate your guts. People who’ll post your name and stuff you’ve done on the internet.
And that’s what the nicknames are for.
Oh! Eheheh, sorry if I’m just being a busybody.
She always hits me with a shy smile after giving me a word of warning.
It’s pretty adorable, really.
Hm? Not too eager to go by nicknames?
I’m not.
Because I don’t believe what I did was wrong.
What I did was both self-expression and art.
I cannot think of it as a crime.
But if Hanamaru is advising me to go with nicknames, then I think I will.
Haha, sounding like a regular revolutionary.
Hanamaru puts her head on my shoulder and leans on me.
She’s a very tactile person by nature.
......!
Most people avoid bodily contact with people they aren’t close to.
She, however, touches me. A lot.
I’ve never met someone like this before.
Hanamaru, what cell ward are you in?
Oh? You can see my number, can’t you?
Right... Here. See these four digits? If this number starts from 00, that means you’re from the Serious Offenses Ward.
......
If it starts from 02, you’re from the Sex Crimes Ward.
I get it.
And if it starts from 07, you’re in the Obscenity Ward. Got it?
I get it.
Hanamaru probably... just might...
Rumor has it there’s a ward that starts from 1 that’s only got prisoners on death row in it, but no one’s ever seen one of them. It’s probably made up.
...have a thing for me. Like me like that.
What’s your favorite hairstyle, Hanamaru?
I like them bald.
I’m bald.
What age range do you like?
Me, I like younger guys.
I’m younger guys.
What’s your type?
Someone like you, I guess.
I’m like me.
I fit every category.
She. She likes me, doesn’t she?
What were we talking about? Oh, right, the cell wards.
Hanamaru, what are you in for?
Mmm, it’s hard to say what I’M in for... since I took the fall for my sister.
......
So, you’re innocent?
No, I wouldn’t say that. I couldn’t stop my sister, and I’m paying the price.
She takes my shoulder again.
My sister and I, we’re close. Like a soul in two bodies. Her crimes are my crimes.
She squeezes a little tighter than before.
See, I never was... really good at getting along with others, getting into groups and the like. Lots of people tormented me growing up.
So I made my sister help me in doing a bunch of bad stuff.
Selling hydrogen water to ignorant, innocent souls... Starting a company and selling meme t-shirts... Slathering honey over a friend’s crotch and selling the beetles caught on it...
I think we released some erotic ASMR to help about a thousand people ejaculate but ended up blowing their balls up instead... I think...?
......
Oh, oops, probably shouldn’t have said balls. Hm, doesn’t look like any guards are coming, so we’re probably fine.
Anyway, we kept on doing that, making the people around me hate us more and more... Eventually, we lost anywhere to belong.
Ultimately, even our parents cut us off. We stopped being able to see our dear little brother too.
When we had to leave the island where we were born and raised to go live on our own... That’s when it happened.
The feedback being too loud?
Yeah. After that, my sister just lost it and stopped caring about anything, did something really bad... and I got arrested for her.
I’m the one who made her that way, so it was my responsibility as the big sister.
She squeezes my arm again.
I’m not the biggest guy myself, but her arms feel pretty thin.
Oh, sorry for dumping this on you all of a sudden!
P-Pretty weird, huh? It really feels like I can talk to you about this kind of stuff...
Just... me?
Y-Yeah. It’s really embarrassing, so I haven’t told anyone else!
She sounds a little panicked as she twirls her long hair with her finger.
T-That’s pretty weird. Pretty strange...
Then, she looks up at me in slight deference and tilts her head.
I have an older sister I love, so I understand how you feel.
You do? Oh, you must have been through a lot, too.
She turns her body to me ever-so-slightly.
I feel two round sensations on my elbow.
Sounds like we’re in the same boat, Shuichiro.
Breasts. Not too big and not too small.
Hanamaru, you said a minute ago that prisoners call themselves by their nicknames.
I do like breasts.
Why did you tell me your real name, then?
Well... Heheh...
I guess because I wanted... someone to call me by my name?
I see.
I knew it.
Ahaha. Would you... would you call me Ran?
I will, Ran.
She’s head over heels for me.
I just know it.
With the day’s work over, I come back to my cell.
I’ve finally gotten used to working in the paper room, and the guards hardly yell at me anymore.
And I have all she’s taught me to thank.
The lights go off, and it’s time for sleep.
I need to get plenty of sleep tonight to be ready for work tomorrow.
......
But sleep does not come.
I feel a strange frustration in my chest, and I see this blurry image when I close my eyes.
Huh?
What’s the matter, Shuichiro?
I’ve... never really had anyone like me.
Yeah. You’ve always been alone.
It’s always been just me.
I’ve always been alone, except for, well, him.
I might have had the encounter of a lifetime here in prison, though.
Yeah.
I think she likes me.
Which means...
That I... I like her too.
She may be the one to finally understand me.
Someone who’s been alone for so long.
I may have finally met... someone who will understand me.
My chest is tight, Amatsu...
That is simply what love is like, Shuichiro.
I turn on my side and close my eyes.
I hope I don’t have any nightmares tonight.
The following night, I step into the cafeteria to be greeted by an unexpected sight.
......
A girl, soaking wet from the head down.
It’s Drone Girl from back at the phones.
What happened?
Nothing.
She passes by me like nothing happened.
Why’s that girl all wet? Now that’s a tough quiz if I’ve ever heard one...
There’s a trail of wet footprints from the bathroom.
B set, please.
Excuse me? I can’t give you a single grain of rice when you’re dripping like that! Look at the sign!
A paper taped to the wall reads: “Those of unclean body and mind shall not eat.”
......
They’ll chew me out if I feed you, so get going!
It’s about time for dinner! Seats, everyone! Hm? What happened to you?
Haa, haa... Boss, the floor was all wet, so I took it upon myself to clean it right up!
Yeah? Great job. Now, S-classes, get to your seats! Begin eating!
With no choice, Drone Girl sits down, still wet.
Everyone around her hungrily wolfs down their meals while she does not have so much as a tray.
I notice a group stealing glances at her and laughing.
Pff, heheheh... Shit, I’m laughing so hard I can’t eat!
She’s wet from head to toe! It’s like her whole body’s genitalia!
Looks like they’re our culprits.
I guess yesterday’s incident left their pride wounded.
Is there a reason they went after her and not me, though?
......
She doesn’t say a word.
......
She just stares ahead, unmoving.
(END)
