Somewhere, I hear the sound of a manbelt spinning.
The ward is too quiet. I walk further inside.
And there, I find my target.
Well, well, sewer rat... Have you been behaving yourself here in your hole?
Ah... ugh...
Number 1310 curls up.
It’s proof that my methods of discipline are working.
Oh my... She has changed quite a bit without me even realizing it.
And... you’ve managed to keep your sanity. I’ll give you credit for that... boy.
......
The boy is nothing more than a rag now.
Leaning heavily against the iron bars, he doesn’t even flinch.
You should be grateful that you were able to stay with someone you loved even in such a pitiful state.
Just barely, he turns his face towards me.
You took quite a gamble this time, didn’t you? Betting even your own life.
Yeah... I don’t mind gambling.
I hate it. I’m not particularly fond of things where there’s a chance of losing, you know?
And yet... you seemed to enjoy it.
The entertainment I came up with... Casino Royale.
How does it feel to slither around like that, scheming and plotting? It must have been so much fun.
Well, not really...
In reality... you were even more paranoid than I thought.
Because of that personality of hers... I always thought that Crappymori would... betray me...
That way... it would be more... beneficial for me...
That’s why... right before being thrown underground... I banned her from the casino... I thought she would... snitch right away...
If she did, who would be the most... advantageous person to snitch to?
Sister Julia... works from behind the scenes.
Sofurin is super serious... and with that being the case...
That only left you... Yugao.
And besides that, she’s...
Aside from Eroducer and my friends... she’s the only one... who has seen her.
She would say... they’re hard to kiss up to.
But once she realized who Ms. Yugao’s teacher’s pet was...
Without a doubt, she would go to you...
With weak breaths, the boy continues speaking.
And then, I gave you a taste of victory with roulette... and I taught you the pain of losing winnings you’d decided were your own...
I led you to blackjack... I taught you how to seamlessly cheat... I showed you how long it would take to be caught... I revealed to you the number of decks...
Even so, you were still... cautious...
In reality, it should’ve... been over much earlier... but, because of that... it turned out like this.
This boy is already on the verge of death.
That’s only natural. Normally, living in the Damned Ward makes a person go insane in a little over a month.
Just a little electric shock would be enough to kill him.
How did you know that I would find hope in blackjack?
Actually, I planned to have Sofurin... give you a book... one with a winning strategy in it...
She recommends books that inspire her to everyone... even to prisoners... so I thought she would definitely tell you too...
What I didn’t expect was... that Sofurin feared you even more than I thought...
But it’s impressive... that you were able to find the winning strategy... through your own thinking.
On the contrary, it’s the opposite.
It was 
As my own surefire strategy, of course I didn’t doubt it.
If it had been Sofiya who told me about it...
If things had gone even slightly differently, it wouldn’t have turned out as the boy is saying.
You did well. I’ll give you that. As expected of my trusted subordinate.
But this is all just a product of coincidence.
You took my fortune, propped up Julia with the reinforced fuxx system, and planned to escape from the underground like rats...
But in the end... you couldn’t reach your master, right?
Your underlings... former comrades from the mine, I presume? Those meatheads must be bringing the cardboard boxes of fuxx down here, right?
......
Now that I think about it, you were a miner, weren’t you, boy? If you wanted to hide something, there was nowhere else but here, right?
You’re mistaken... It’s not here...
Oh... That’s not what they seem to say themselves, but shall we ask?
Sorry, Minato. Somehow, the SST found us... We were following your instructions...
Guh! Stop it! Help!
......
Oh my, if you overdo it, you’ll end up dead, you know?
Stop... it...
You think you can give me orders?
As long as they are friends, the hostages have value.
If you want me to stop, then you know... what you need to do, right?
Number 1310 has been broken over the course of years.
The boy no longer has the strength to fight back.
So, as the one with the weapon, I won’t lose.
And the risk I’m taking is 
Now, come out... You’re going to lead the way to my rule over the prison.
Even if my leg is bad, I should be able to take these two half-dead creatures for a walk.
Make the boy walk, will you? It must be delightful for you to be with your beloved boyfriend, isn’t it, sewer rat?
Number 1310 props the boy up with her shoulder, as he is no longer able to stand by himself.
My walking speed is not fast, so this pace is just right.
Why... are you taking us out? Won’t you need people... who can move it...?
I won’t let them walk behind me.
That was my plan, but unfortunately, it seems that they aren’t able to stand on their own two feet anymore after being beaten to a pulp by the head of security.
To make sure nothing strange happens.
Isn’t it easier to have a nearly dead corpse as a guide instead of a big, bulky meathead?
......
The mining tunnel is well-lit as long as the electricity is on.
And that’s because I made sure of it.
When I visit the Damned Ward, there shouldn’t be any dark places.
But the mining tunnels stretch out like a beehive.
As soon as you take a step inside, darkness engulfs you.
I take out a high-lumen flashlight and try to make the space brighter.
Don’t do anything strange, okay? There are dozens of security guards armed to the teeth waiting on the surface.
My uniform has a GPS tracker.
If something happens, I can call for help on the radio, and there’s no way they can overpower us.
If Number 1310 tries to escape on her own, all I have to do is use the boy as a hostage.
Haa... Phew...
Shu... Shuichiro...
If I just gave him a shock, his end would be swift.
Almost there.
Soon, I’ll have 300 million fuxx—a huge sum of money.
With that, I can control the prison using the fuxx system.
No more struggling through life. I’ll have wealth and power.
Still not there? If it takes too long, your comrades on the surface will suffer needlessly, you know?
Warden Mizushiro sells the high-purity coal extracted from this mine and makes enormous profits.
But we, the captains, hardly benefit from it.
It’s such an unfair situation.
Even though in reality, I’m the one managing the prison.
Just a little further... to our destination...
I will expel the old pests and overcome all obstacles.
I will stand at the pinnacle of Tulip Prison.
And finally, they come to a stop.
Turn on the lights.
Illumination comes from a cheap-looking light bulb hanging from the ceiling.
It’s just an ordinary area with nothing special except for an old mine cart.
Is this it?
I hid the manuscript... on the main line... The manuscript that I wrote... together with her...
Ah, those worthless papers... You were working so hard on it.
But... I burned it! Ahahahaha!
Ah, that was delightful.
To easily destroy something that the most annoying girl in the universe spent time making.
That was so delightful... Hehehe, just remembering it makes me laugh...
Gh...
Ah, that face.
I like that face you make the most.
For some reason, it makes me feel very relieved.
Because everything else, I just hate.
Guh...
The boy collapses to the ground, completely devoid of strength.
Shuichiro...
Haa... haa...
The boy seems to be struggling just to breathe.
He must have exhausted all his strength.
But I don’t have time to worry about that. Hurry up and get the mine cart moving.
The mechanism of the mine cart is very simple.
If one side goes down, the other side goes up.
With the flip of a switch, the mine cart starts moving.
So, this is how I finally get my hands on the hidden fuxx, is it? It’s quite something that we managed to find it.
Truly, what a laborious task... diligently collecting money like worker ants and hiding it in your nest... only to have it all taken away by me... ahahaha...!
But before that... haa... I want to ask... again...
Why did you... take us with you?
Didn’t I already tell you? Because I lost my other way to reach my target in this complex mine, I needed you two to guide me.
The minecart is moving slower than I thought it would.
No... that’s not it.
The good thing about this system is... if they have enough money pooled, anyone can take it over.
Huh...?
Why is the boy suddenly saying something like this?
That’s why anyone can become powerful, whether they’re a prisoner, a guard, or a member of the SST...
That’s the reason why I’m trying to take the fuxx from you, is it not?
When you came to take the basis of that system, the fuxx...
I knew that you, who don’t trust anyone... would never let anyone else join you here, at the last.
What...?
If one of the members of the SST were here to use their sex appeal, she might be able to steal the hidden fuxx from me.
It wouldn’t be likely.
But it wouldn’t be impossible.
But... it’s strange that you didn’t... search the mine... in the first place.
If I had been hiding something in the mine, you would have found it after repeated searches...
It must have been the first thing you thought of...
It was easy to figure out that the boy was hiding the fuxx in the underground.
Because 300 million fuxx wouldn’t fit in his anus.
You have manpower, and you have competent subordinates.
But I never ordered my subordinates to search for it.
Yet, you couldn’t search this place thoroughly.
That’s why I intentionally had the SST wait above instead of trailing me.
If your guess happened to be wrong, you’d be exposing yourself to a huge risk.
That’s why, even though I suspected it was underground, I couldn’t threaten the boy until I had confirmation.
That’s why... you couldn’t threaten us like this...
Because cheating carries risks for the side that wants to call it out as well.
That’s why I had no choice but to obtain it directly with my own hands.
So... what are you saying?
But what does that mean?
Do you mean you had some kind of reason for putting it here?
I have avoided all risks and taken the necessary precautions to be here now.
I have made no mistakes.
The light is getting closer.
You have no choice but to be stripped of everything by me and return to the underground! Ahaha...!
We’re almost at our destination.
Is that really true...?
Yes, it is.
You really...
The fact is that the boy has been defeated. That’s all there is to it.
Are you really calm right now...?
It’s getting absurd... I can’t take it anymore.
Everything that has happened so far...
No matter what happens, in the end, I will always win.
It’s all because of your inherent nature.
Everything just serves as a means to that end.
There’s no... fuxx here.
What...?
Do it, Isumi!
Ha...!
The sewer rat crouches down and covers both ears.
And then, the whole place...
It all explodes spectacularly, and debris dances in the air.
(END)
Haaaa...?!
Shards of rock fly and dust swirls everywhere.
What...? Ah...!
The lights go out, the flashlight is destroyed, and darkness sweeps in.
What’s happening?!
Yugao lets out a voice almost like a scream.
That was just like a big firework show.
Yeah... it seems like... it was... just right... You’re not injured... either.
Big... thanks, bro.
And then, I stand up.
As long as a person has the energy, they can still somehow move.
Now is the time to use my last ounce of strength.
What are you planning?!
I’ve trapped you.
Natsumi! Bring the SST to my GPS point!
It’s useless.
......?!
What...? What did you do this time?!
We blew it up.
This coal mine... all the passages... everything...
Isumi has the special skill to do detonations without using up all the explosives.
Natsumi...! Natsumi, answer me! Sakamogi, Fushimigawa, anyone! Hurry!
So she set up the leftover explosives instead of returning them.
Captain Yugao, what happened underground!? There was a huge noise! Captain? Ms. Hazuki...?!
She set them in forty-eight locations. It’s enough to block most of the paths to this tunnel.
All the... passages... are blocked.
It will take about a week to dig up the debris and restore the passages.
What...?!
That is if the miners cooperate...
Gh...!
No one knows this coal mine better than she does.
After all, she’s been trapped underground for nearly ten years.
It’s thanks to you, Yugao.
Yugao crouches down from the shock, trembling violently.
Her teeth clatter and she sweats profusely.
Even if you trap me here... do you think it will change anything?!
There’s no way I’d let a starving boy on the verge of death and a little girl do me in so easily!
Is that... so?
She frantically searches the area.
My cane...! Where is it?! Where is my cane...?!
Without her weapon, Yugao is helpless.
She can’t even stand up, let alone walk.
And, this is quite an appropriate place.
Give me back... haaa... my cane...
There was a meaning behind trapping you here.
Haaaa... Give... me back... my cane!
Have you ever granted someone’s request when they begged you like that?
Give it back!
I hear you.
I break it in half and throw it away.
......!
Why are you making that face?
From the beginning, you’ve never trusted anyone.
What are you...?
That’s why you couldn’t use manpower to search the mine.
If she had, it wouldn’t have come to this.
You couldn’t send people to the underground where you couldn’t go yourself, fearing the ‘risk’ of them taking the hidden fuxx for themselves.
Yugao never showed herself in dark places.
And the reason you couldn’t search the dark tunnels alone...
Even the torture chamber was unnecessarily bright.
...was because you were scared.
That’s why Yugao tormented Isumi.
......
Because she was truly scared of her.
The darkness that resides in her right eye scared her.
More than most people, in fact.
In other words, she is deeply afraid of darkness.
So, I will use that to my advantage.
That’s why I’ve trapped you in this prison of darkness.
Until you completely surrender.
A prison named darkness.
Until you bow your head to us.
I’ll incarcerate you.
That’s why you led me here...! Going through all the trouble of being thrown into the underground, it was all for this reason!
I told you.
I’ll fucking inhume you, baby.
Being thrown into the underground was to see Isumi.
And to make these preparations.
Haaaa... haaaaaa...!
Yugao pants heavily.
Her shoulders heave as she desperately tries to take in oxygen.
It would be... better to... surrender now.
You can try to prolong the battle... but you won’t stand a chance.
Sweating profusely, she desperately tries to maintain her usual expression.
I am Hazuki Yugao...! There’s no way I would surrender to the likes of you! To a sewer rat and a stray cat!
I see.
Well, then there’s no helping it.
I turn around and Isumi nods.
Then she places her hand on her long, grown-out bangs on the right side.
She exposes her right eye.
Ah...!
Her eye evokes darkness.
It instills fear in those who see it.
Your eye is beautiful, as always.
T-Thank you...
But it seems that there are people who find it terrifying.
Eep...
Even in the darkness, her right eye shines.
Haa, haaa, haaa... haa...
Isumi approaches Yugao. Yugao is on the verge of hyperventilating.
Now... it’s time for some questions, Captain Yugao.
Haa, haa, guh, ugh...
She takes one step and then another.
There’s one more stock of dynamite planted here. It’s set to explode right where this pile of rubble is.
Don’t come any closer to me!
There’s no way for Yugao to retreat.
There is nothing she can rely on here.
If you don’t want to die here... we can set it off.
H-Hurry...! Set it off...! You never intended to die like this in the first place, did you...?!
Well, that’s not a bad idea either.
As long as... I’m with Shuichiro... I wouldn’t mind.
......!
But until you die... this eye will always be fixed on you.
Guh, uughhh...! Haaaaa...!
Yugao knows.
We’re prepared to die here.
We’re risking our lives in this gamble.
......
Isumi takes another step forward.
If you really don’t want to die, we can press the switch.
Haaa... haaaaa...!
Slowly, slowly...
Don’t come... any closer...!
In exchange, I want you to pledge your lifelong loyalty to us.
No... don’t...!
Kneel before us and beg for our forgiveness.
Don’t... look at me...!
And as proof of your loyalty, lick Isumi’s feet.
Don’t look...! Don’t look...! Don’t look at me...!
Which will... it be?
Don’t look at me, you sewer rat!
We’ll let you choose, Yugao!!!
She crawls on the ground.
It’s as if she is trying to curl up and escape from that gaze.
But with her last bit of strength, she manages to support herself with just her arms.
It is also the last remnant of Hazuki Yugao’s pride as a human.
Will you die here?
Or... will you pledge your loyalty?
Now, choose.
In that position, she lets out a groan.
Ugh, gaaaahhh...!
She lets out a pained scream as if struggling to come to terms with something.
Guh, gah, gaaahhh...!
Perhaps it is the pride and dignity she has cultivated over the years.
The thing that has supported her here as a correctional officer.
Gyah, guh, gah, gaaaahhhh...!
But now, it no longer holds any meaning.
Ugh, uuuuuuuggghhhh...!
Here, there is only darkness and the person who commands it.
And after letting out her final roar...
I... haa... I... pledge... my lifelong... loyalty to you...!
She kisses Isumi’s feet.
And with that, she completely crumbles.
Ugh... guh... ugh, ah... uuuggghh...!
She crawls on the ground, tears streaming down her face.
This is... good enough... Shuichiro.
Really?
If you want, you can make it so the explosion doesn’t work well, and we can have her lick my asshole if she wants us to detonate it again...
No... it’s fine.
I feel a little... refreshed.
I see. That’s good.
I give her the signal, and both of us crouch down.
Did I play the villain role well enough?
Yeah... it was... cool.
Well then... keep safe.
Together, we press the switch.
And today, for the second time...
...big fireworks go off.
(END)
That was the end of it all.
Since then, several weeks have passed.
Rise and shine! Rise and shine! Wake up, you sicko convicts!!!
Get out of your cells and line up now! You useless sickos can’t do anything without us managing the time for you, so you better be grateful to us!
I guess it’s... time to get up.
Upon hearing the voice of Officer Yamagishi, I wake up and line up in front of my cell.
March, you sickos!
Following the command, we start marching.
And then I return to my cell. Life has gone back to normal like that.
Here, today it’s eggs and minced chicken! Mix it with the rice and eat it! Don’t leave any soup left over! What do you want, A or B?
A, please.
I come to the cafeteria like I always do, receiving my meal on a tray.
Hey, Shuichiro, over here!
Hey, Ozawa.
I sit down at the table and chat with my friend.
I never thought that this life would become my daily routine.
This cafeteria food is the best, ain’t it?
Yeah.
Being away for a little over a month, I started craving this barley rice like crazy.
Once breakfast is over, it’s time to start prison work.
However, as a mediator, I’m still exempt from specific labor assignments in the workshops.
......
Of course, there have been some changes.
Hello.
Yes...?
No matter where I walk in the prison, no matter what time it is, and no matter how I’m dressed, the guards never find fault with me.
Oh, so you’re working here now?
I can go wherever I want and do whatever I want.
Gah, so the rumor about you being thrown underground was a lie...?! And... why are you naked?
So, there’s no need to wear clothes anymore.
There’s a naked prisoner I’ve never seen here before... Strange.
Wherever we go, we will no longer be punished.
Idiot, stop it...! That prisoner is...!
We can walk around as if it’s our own backyard.
Number 0720, what the hell are you doing here?
Except in front of this person.
It’s work time right now, isn’t it? Did you forget that wearing a jacket is mandatory? Have you not been to the inspection room?
Big sorry, bro.
You seem to be slacking off. Even if the solitary confinement was a mistake, you’re being too lax! Be careful!
And at the very least, put on some clothes. Maintain your dignity as a human being.
But it’s amusing that there’s still at least one person who has no idea what happened, I think to myself.
Please continue to stay just like you are.
Huh...? Well, I was planning on it...?
With a face that shows she doesn’t understand, Sofiya leaves.
Feels like I’ve been squeezed dry...
Mr. Kugitani. How’s the work going?
It’s already time for the midday break. Time flies for us old folks. Today went by in a flash. I’m afraid I’ll wake up in a coffin if it keeps going like this.
He lights a cigarette and sits down.
I never thought this was how it would turn out.
Yeah, it’s good that things worked out.
It has been a while since I last saw Mr. Kugitani.
We haven’t had the chance to meet or even see each other.
Thanks to you, I made a fortune.
That’s good. It’s my way of repaying you for teaching me so much.
But things being normal is good, normally... Speaking of normal, you’ve become anything but.
You’re right... I might not be normal.
You’re the man with the most fuxx in Tulip Prison.
That’s right.
Thanks to that enormous fortune, the guards have lost all their say.
I’ve bribed them, and I let the noisy ones win some at the casino, so they’re not too much trouble.
Thanks to that, you’re no longer bound by anyone.
Well, there are still people like Sofurin.
True enough. She’s in a league of her own. It’s almost stupid how honest she is. There are times when I wonder if she’s even aware of the fuxx system.
But... having people like her around... it’s a good thing.
Yeah. We need someone who can give you a good scolding every now and then.
We exchange goodbyes with our fists.
Well then, it was good seeing you.
As always, I’m below and Mr. Kugitani is above.
Yeah, same here.
That’s fine, I think to myself.
After that, extremely weakened, I returned to the surface for the first time in a long time.
I have taken control of the prison... all of it.
What do you mean?!
I’m saying ‘All your prison are belong to us.’
Huh?
That’s not a proper sentence, you know?
Sister Julia, as promised, protected me from the SST when they surrounded us.
Yes, so the command has been transferred to me, Julia Agatsuma, you see? From now on, please listen to what I say, okay?
It seems that cut the tension.
It’s all... over...
Are you... okay...? Shuichiro...?
Even if I die... please don’t dress me in funeral clothes...
Ah... Oh my...
Bury me or burn me... naked...
Please, someone... call the doctor...
Afterwards, I was transported to the medical ward.
All right, no problems!
I received constant care from Dr. Higuchi for about a week, but I’ve completely recovered.
You’re really young, after all. You’re getting better in no time. Just eat a lot and get plenty of rest, and you’ll be fine.
It seems I lost about fifteen kilograms, but I think it is surprising how quickly I recovered.
Thank you very much.
Today, I came here because she has to check on my progress.
Wow... You’re the winner of the Wacky World Grand Prix!
Yay.
I’ve received a very honorable award.
Being thrown into a place where you might die, and then thinking of a strategy to win... Not many people can do that, can they?
It was the most logical plan.
There was no other way for me to escape.
So, I didn’t think it was wrong.
And it was very efficient.
Yeah, well... I guess that’s one way to put it.
In terms of the outcome, it was good for you... so I’m not going to give you a lecture.
You did a great job, Shuichiro.
I’m disappointed, since I like hearing what Dr. Higuchi has to say.
All right, which hand is the candy in?
I point to her right hand, and it is correct.
The candy today is sweet and delicious.
That signals the end, and I stand up.
Ah, wait a minute.
Unusually, Dr. Higuchi calls out to me.
I’ll always be here.
So if anything happens, come back to the medical ward, okay?
Okay.
Dr. Higuchi smiles as she always does.
Gambling with fuxx is still a popular event in the prison.
Currently, the gambling den is open on weeknights from eight to ten o’clock.
No one complains if it goes a little past ten o’clock.
The games always end at midnight, but the excitement never dies down.
Whoaaaa! I guess it’s true that once you’ve been drawn to gambling you can never quit!
It doesn’t matter if you’re a guard or a prisoner.
Fuxx is currently flourishing.
Sorry, I’m late.
Rin Hanamaru is in charge of running the gambling den.
She started as a dealer, but now she’s even teaching others how to play dice and cards.
Hey there, Boss. Nah, it’s all good... The profits are still doing great as usual.
You never change, do you?
Her personality was always a bit shady, so it seems to suit her well.
I was told you were short-staffed. This is a new recruit. Make good use of her.
Ehhhhh...?!
In a way, Crappymori was the person who moved the most like I expected her to.
I’m actually thankful for what she did, so I have no intention of holding a grudge.
But Crappymori fears me more than necessary.
So I’ve decided to play along with her fears.
I’ll be sure to make good use of her. Let’s get along well, Ms. Crappymori.
Eep...
It’s like the Avengers of scum. It’s exciting.
Is it really?
There are many familiar faces in the gambling den.
Hey Minato, look! Roulette is really paying off today. It’s like my good deeds are finally being rewarded!
Foreman, how are you feeling?
I’m feeling great! It’s just a broken bone, so it’ll heal if I get some rest. The other team members will take a bit longer to recover, but they’ll be back at the gambling den soon.
That’s good to hear.
I had given instructions to let those who helped us win a little.
And Minato, that thing you asked for in the underground, it’s almost finished.
Really?
The cable was a pain, but that guy, Mr. Change, turned out to be an electrician. He got it done in no time.
Please tell him I said big thanks, bro.
This system doesn’t make everyone happy.
It takes advantage of the weak and creates losers.
But I thought it would be nice if at least those who know about it could enjoy their life in prison.
Boss... um... we seem to be running out of fuxx... I was told we need more stock!
Got it. I’ll go get some.
And so, I board the ship.
Prisoners cannot leave the island without permission.
But I no longer have such restrictions.
I disembark on Ukkon Island.
My destination is the basement of the church.
Oh, dear Shuichiro, you came at just the right time. I was waiting for you.
Waiting for me is Sister Julia.
You’re here to collect the fuxx stash, right? Please just wait a moment.
I knew it was risky to keep the fuxx stash hidden underground.
That’s why I needed a safe place to move it to at the last moment.
This basement on Ukkon Island was the perfect place for that.
My only concern was whether I could trust Sister Julia.
Thank you for protecting it.
Ahaha, I just put it here, that’s all. There was no risk for me, so it’s not something you need to be grateful for, you know?
I see. Then let me say this.
Thank you for not betraying me.
There was no need for Sister Julia to protect this stash.
The system functions no matter who uses it.
So, there was no need for her to help me.
It would have been easier for her to sacrifice me, Prisoner Number 0720, and control the facility while imprisoning me underground.
I wouldn’t do something like that, you know? Besides, if you weren’t there, the funds would gradually be confiscated, and the system itself might have disappeared.
I wonder about that.
Hehehe... Here you go.
She hands me one of the stacked cardboard boxes.
The other boxes are her personal belongings.
Are you really going?
Yes, there are limits to the missionary work I can do in the penitentiary, you see.
So, I’m sure the Lord must desire for me to guide the lost lambs seeking help in other prisons.
Sister Julia is leaving Tulip Prison.
I was told that just yesterday.
But if you do, what about the SST and the role of the coordinator...?
In that case, why not have dear Sofurin do it? The system has already been established, so even a useless person can handle it, right?
Wait, we promised to remove that woman...
That’s no longer necessary.
Why?
Because she said she really doesn’t want to quit...
Whether she wants to quit or not, we have the power to force her.
It’s fine. And if we’re being honest, I don’t want to push her that far... I’d rather just put her in a position where she can do well for herself.
And if the two main culprits are gone... this place isn’t that bad.
......?
All right, then it’s decided, isn’t it?
Is this goodbye?
You’re not going to say that you’ll miss me?
Honestly... I’m relieved.
In the end, I couldn’t fathom the depths of Sister Julia’s true nature.
I had no idea what she was thinking or what her intentions were with her actions.
Oh my... I thought entrusting me with the fuxx was a sign of trust, was it not?
That was a gamble.
I didn’t know what Sister Julia was thinking.
So, in the end, I took a gamble.
And that gamble played out in my favor.
So, in the end, you didn’t trust me, did you...? That makes me sad. My, my...
Sister Julia picks up a large load of her belongings.
It’s time to say goodbye.
You didn’t trust me either, did you?
Ahaha, I did trust you, you know?
And as we pass each other...
After all, you’re the same type of person as me, right, dear Shuichiro?
She whispers this in my ear.
Well then, until we meet again... God’s blessings be upon you.
Goodbye.
Sister Julia swiftly leaves with remarkable grace.
(END)
I spend the rest of the time with the Chief and Kurebayashi.
There are still some small details to discuss regarding the management of the fuxx system.
Lately, the guards’ve been getting greedier... They try to put the squeeze on us every chance they get.
The Chief, as charismatic as ever, runs the entire prison.
The reason everyone still maintains a sense of tension as prisoners is largely due to her firm control.
Smells like desperation to me. Let’s squeeze them dry at the casino.
And now that the numbers are astronomically large, Kurebayashi’s presence is indispensable.
I’m disappointed I couldn’t make Sofurin quit.
Hmm... Well, yeah. To be honest, what I was aiming for was quite different.
We’ll discuss it little by little, okay? Little by little.
After all, we have plenty of time.
I see.
I don’t quite understand, but I feel good about it.
Because Kurebayashi’s smile is so refreshing.
By the way, kid... have you heard what happened to the Calabash Bitch?
Just that she’s still in the hospital. That’s about all.
I don’t know the details of how Yugao is doing now.
After the incident, she was mentally and physically exhausted, so she’s been hospitalized for a while.
Well... the head of the SST apparently takes care of her personally.
Huh...?
She’s extremely violent, so it seems no one can even visit her.
I see.
Although she didn’t trust others... I guess we don’t know what others thought of her.
Geez, honestly... Humans are really strange creatures, aren’t they, kid?
That’s right.
Humans truly are mysterious beings.
That’s probably why they can be so interesting.
And before I know it, the evening break is over.
It is almost seven o’clock.
It’s time for everyone to gather in the cafeteria.
But I have no intention of going there anymore.
Are you leaving?
Yeah.
I turn around and look at the two of them.
I’ve finished everything I needed to do here, so there’s no reason for me to stay.
So I’m leaving the rest to you.
You sure make it sound easy, don’t you?
I’ll take care of the hard stuff. Leave it to me.
Big thanks, bro.
I bow deeply.
Please come and visit sometime.
We still haven’t fulfilled our promise to make a game together with everybody.
Yeah, someday.
Yes... I’m looking forward to it.
I nod and get on the elevator.
It takes a little time for the doors to close.
Hey, kid... do you know what this island was called when it was a coal mine?
The Chief asks me this.
An island where ships from everywhere could dock, and people came from all over and made it prosper.
Kurebayashi continues the conversation.
In honor of that... it was called Minato-jima, or ‘Harbor Island.’
And now... this place has already become your island, kid.
Minato Island... That’s right.
This place is already where I belong.
And so, silently, I descend...
...to the place where Shuichiro Minato belongs.
Welcome back... Shuichiro.
Ah, I’m home... Isumi.
...............
............
.........
......
...
Wow... it’s so beautiful here!
I hold down my billowing skirt as I stand on the deck of the ship, which is creating large splashes.
The horizon, which I haven’t seen in a long time, is so beautiful that I can’t help but raise my voice.
So this is the kind of place Shu has been in...
My younger brother has been in the facility they call Tulip Prison for a few years now.
I was told that I couldn’t visit him all this time.
But finally, I received permission to do so.
I wish I had brought a camera...! It was so sudden, and I was busy looking for a pet hotel...
The visitation date was decided just five days ago.
I quickly got the tickets and managed to book a flight.
It’s about a two-hour flight from Tokyo.
From the airport to the city, it takes forty minutes by taxi.
And then, a fifty-five-minute boat ride.
Ugh...
Maybe it’s because of the air on the plane, but I start coughing lightly.
If my brother sees me like this, he’ll worry unnecessarily.
But this is my first time on such a big ship, so I can’t help but get excited.
This must be a ferry for family members visiting the prison.
However, I don’t see any other passengers besides me...
Cough, cough
Shu, I wonder how you’ve been since then.
Have you grown taller?
Has your face changed?
Do you have an exhausted expression on your face from all the hardships?
As your sister, it would make me happy if you’ve matured a little.
But as long as you’re healthy and well, there’s nothing more I can ask for.
Excuse me, ma’am. We will soon be arriving at our destination, Tulip Prison. Please have a seat here if you’d like.
Oh, thank you.
Thanks to the small chair they provided me, I have been able to wait for our arrival at the front of the ship.
Wow... what a unique and wonderful island!
Tulip Prison, as seen from the outside, has a very strange silhouette.
Come to think of it, I heard that it was built on top of a former coal mine by means of land reclamation and expansion, so that might be the reason for its shape.
We have arrived. You may disembark from here. Please go ahead.
He slowly guides me and helps me get off.
But my coughing won’t stop, so I can’t walk too fast.
Cough, cough
No problem at all.
This ship is exclusively for Ms. Hinako Minato... It’s a chartered voyage.
Huh?
When I climb up the pier and get onto the island, there is a wide field in front of me.
Haa! Are you here for a visit?!
Yes, um, I’m Shuichiro Minato’s sister... I’m Hinako Minato.
I know! We welcome you here after your long journey!
The young female prison guard greeting me bows deeply.
It’s a bit too formal and makes me feel awkward.
Now, I will prepare transportation to the visitation area.
Oh, it’s all right. I can just walk if it’s just a short distance.
No, miss! Your heart condition is not good, so I’ve been instructed not to make you walk for a long time!
It’s fine. My condition has improved and unless it’s something strenuous like running... whoa?!
Excuse me for this! One, two! One, two! One, two! One, two! One, two!
The prison guard suddenly piggybacks me and starts running.
Um, uh...! I came for a visit... to talk to a prisoner here...!
Could she have mistaken me for someone important?
It’s not normal to do all this for the visiting family of a prisoner... 
So, um...
But she is running desperately.
As if there will be punishment waiting if she’s even a little bit late.
I find it kind of funny and start laughing.
I’ve come to think that sometimes things like this aren’t so bad.
I have confidence in how calm I am in my line of work.
Wow, my tablet has reception here.
If that’s the case, I didn’t have to bother downloading pictures of Chima and Lou.
Hehe, if Shu sees a picture of the two of them, he’ll definitely...
...be... really... hap—
Huh...?
We arrive in front of an elevator.
But I don’t see any indication that it’s connected to the building. It’s more like... how should I put it...?
It’s like the kind of huge elevator that would lead down to a mine shaft.
Huh? What?!
This way. Please get on.
Um, uh... Is there some kind of mistake?
No, there is no mistake.
Here... is where Mr. Exhibitiman is.
......?!
I have no idea what’s going on anymore.
What...? What... do you mean...?
I am completely clueless.
This is a gigantic shelter built underground.
A massive prison stretching down twelve hundred meters.
And here, our paradise exists.
In this underground, there is nothing lacking.
Here, coffee.
Ah, thank you... Looks like I’ve been... pushing myself... too hard.
All our basic needs are taken care of.
Even luxuries like coffee and tea are not missing.
I still haven’t gotten... used to typing... It takes more time... than I thought...
You can take your time.
The space is equipped with computers of all kinds, with keyboards, mice, and speakers in abundance.
There are guest rooms for visitors, and a bar counter, billiards table, and karaoke room are also available.
By the way, Isumi, there’s someone I want you to meet today.
Ah, yeah... I remember... Is it already... time?
I think she’s almost here.
I’m looking... forward to... meeting your sister.
I can do anything I need to.
I can even exchange fuxx for cash and rent a huge cruise ship.
Even the guards are at my command with a gesture.
But... I wonder if... she’ll accept me?
Of course. It’ll be fine.
Really...? I’m a... criminal.
The same goes for me.
I committed... murder...
I exposed myself, so it’s not that different.
Is it... really?
So I’ll definitely make my sister accept you.
Accept the existence of my wonderful lover.
And... tell her that we’re planning to have a child.
Yeah... It’s important to... have the family’s... approval!
Yes, this is a lonely shelter made in the underground of the prison.
But at the same time, it is also a utopia.
A place only for the two of us, unconnected to the surface.
With the construction of this paradise, my plan, the “Little Prison Project,” has been completed in its entirety.
Okay, once I’ve... finished typing this... I’ll get... ready.
And so, we obtained it.
Eternal tranquility where we would never be threatened and time to be alone together.
I have to dress up... I’ll put on makeup... and wear the clothes... you bought for me...
Once you get used to the crowds a little more, it might be nice to try going to a shop instead of online shopping.
A shopping... date...! That sounds... fun... let’s do it...!
She carefully types on the keyboard.
The file is called “PESP Story Chapter 7.”
It’s finally restored...
Yeah... It took... quite a while... because I had to... rewrite it...
The story that was once burned has finally been restored.
And it has been polished and refined.
The story ends with a scene where big fireworks go off.
What’s the reaction like?
Well, it seems... like it became... a hot topic on... social media and... look... there are a... lot of comments.
This shelter is equipped with high-speed internet, of course.
With the press of a button, the reactions to what we’ve created can be transmitted from all over the world.
I’m... being praised... I’m being cherished... Being praised... makes me happy... Eheh, eheh, eheh...
There truly is nothing lacking here.
Except for the one thing I lost.
Amatsu disappeared.
By the time I realized it, he had stopped talking and I couldn’t have conversations with him anymore.
It felt like a part of me had disappeared somewhere.
Maybe that means... you’ve grown up... Shuichiro?
Isumi, who is a little older than me, said that.
Maybe I have grown up. It’s possible.
Um... I was hoping... that you had matured even if it was just a little, but...
When you become an adult, there are probably things you lose too.
I never expected you to become
But now, Isumi is filling the hole that was left by his disappearance.
It’s like you live in a different world now... I guess you no longer need your big sister, Shu...
If she’s here with me, I don’t need anything else.
I feel the same... Wherever you are... is the only place I belong.
That is the answer to everything.
Hey, Isumi.
Yes?
What happens in this story after the fireworks?
I sit beside her, leaning in close as I ask.
Hehe... That’s easy.
Isumi gently leans back against me.
Every last plot thread... gets a happy ending.
She speaks those beautiful words to me.
(END)
So, this is my girlfriend.
It’s very nice to meet you...
Oh, well, it’s very nice to meet you too...
The two of us bow deeply.
I want to marry her.
......
I was thinking, could you be the go-between for us?
......
Or can you not do it because you’re unmarried?
......
My sister Hinako remains rigid, holding a gift box.
Um... Wait a minute?
What’s wrong?
Uhh... My brain can’t catch up so fast. I can’t help it, right? I just got here.
Do you need an oxygen tank?
No, I’m fine... So, um, could you start by giving me a simple update on your current situation?
Maybe I rushed things a bit.
That’s right... What kind of prison work are you doing now, Shu?
I’m the ruler.
......
I’m the ruler.
Over the course of several years, the fuxx system has developed significantly.
Currently, fuxx circulates in all prisons, and cashing it out has become much easier.
It was the result of Sister Julia introducing fuxx actively in other prisons.
The cooperation of Warden Mizushiro was also crucial.
It seems that the warden had always dreamed of dismantling the existing prison system.
In exchange for accepting various conditions, she guaranteed our freedom.
So, life here is without any inconvenience.
I know you were worried about my future.
But I’ve grown up to be a respectable person.
......
This is not how I imagined it...
Seeing how much I’ve grown, Hinako seems happy too.
In the prison, I met my beloved partner... This is her.
I’m... Isumi Kurokane...! Nice to meet you.
Ah, once again, nice to meet you...
I would... like to ask... for your permission... to marry your... brother.
All of my sister’s concerns have been resolved.
That’s why I invited her to assure her that everything is in perfect order.
Marriage... You mean officially registering?
Will you allow it?
When... exactly?
We want to get married right away.
What about the preparations for the engagement ceremony?
I understand that there may be concerns because we are both prisoners.
And meeting our parents?
I know that!
But is it really impossible...?
My sister is reluctant to agree.
Is it because... I really am... cursed...?
That’s not true. If my sister talks to them for us, I’m sure they’ll understand.
Am I ever going to get a chance to talk...?
Not being able to get approval from their families is a common obstacle for couples who want to be together.
We need to show that we’re fully prepared.
Our determination... that we... absolutely... want to get married...
We need to show a level of determination that will satisfy her.
(END)
