And so, we will have sex.
......
This is the quickest way to do it.
Yeah... it’s the... quickest way.
Why...?
To show you, Hinako, that we already have... this deep of a relationship.
It’s a deep... relationship...
And right now, we’re not even going to use protection.
We’ll do it... bareback...
If you give your permission, we can start baby-making anytime.
We’re waiting... for permission...
Even if it’s small, we want to create a warm family.
We’re hoping... to give birth...
I know there may be concerns since we’re both convicts.
Even though we’re... both criminals...
But from now on, we want everyone to see... how much we love each other.
Please allow us... to show you!
Please... w-watch!
Ah, um, all right...?
We bow deeply once again, and then I put it in.
Mm, nnngh...
The sensation of doing it raw after such a long time entwines around my cock.
Until now... it’s always been... with a condom... so it’s been a while... since I’ve... felt you directly...
It feels really good... for me too.
We had prepared beforehand for the occasion of showing this to my sister.
During that time, we always used condoms when having sex.
Making a baby without my sister’s approval... that definitely wouldn’t have been good.
Y-Yeah... there was that one time... we had sex on a safe day... and then my period was late... It was scary... wasn’t it?
But once we got used to going bareback, the existence of condoms became a frustration.
We have been eagerly anticipating this day.
It took a... long time... to make my body... more flexible...
Yeah, you’ve been stretching after taking a bath every day.
Because of that... I can now do... a doggy pose!
Impressive.
When we have sex... in a dog-like position...
It’s really exciting.
Y-Yeah... Yeah, it... is...
We whisper sweet nothings to each other.
A special time between two lovers who have come together.
But the sex we’re going to show my sister... that’s still to come.
Yeah... Let’s do our best... for the sex demonstration.
Leave it to me... I’m good at anything involving exposure.
......
What is this, my brother showing himself having sex to his virgin older sister...?
What... on earth...?
Our sex is just beginning.
I slowly withdraw my hips, then thrust lightly at a steady pace.
Ah... Haa... It’s so deep... it takes my... breath away...
Isumi is already fully prepared, wet all the way inside.
My cock moves as if it has a mind of its own, easily reaching her deepest part.
You’re so tight and warm today... It feels really good, Isumi.
Y-Yeah... Eheh, eheh, eheh...
I can have sex with Isumi today as well.
Even though it has become something natural, it still feels very precious.
But we can’t just focus on ourselves.
Let me explain, Hinako.
Uh, okay.
Isumi and I have been having sex through the prison bars for a long time.
I see...
That’s why we’re having sex like this now with me thrusting into her from behind.
Haa, ah... Hfff... Ah... Hfffff...
She really started to love it.
She started to love it?
Apparently it feels good where it hits.
And also... I feel... so good... being pounded... like this...
Huh...?
Even though I haven’t even asked about her hometown yet, I’m being told how she likes it...?
In the course of my research, I learned that chefs working on multi-course meals often introduce the ingredients as they use them.
Nnnggghh...
This is what I’m putting in this time.
Following suit, I show my cock to my sister.
Wow...! It’s gotten so big...! When I saw it when we were little, it was like a wiener sausage in a lunchbox...!
Since he’s an... exhibitionist... you probably... saw his dick... a lot?
I didn’t show it to my sister much because it was embarrassing.
Snff... Shu was so small, and now he’s grown so big...! Your big sister is so happy...!
Hinako is moved to tears.
But it’s different when it comes to seeing you having sex...!
Apparently, it’s different.
I wonder what the difference is.
I still can’t quite keep up with the situation...!
Maybe she still has some doubts about our love, I think to myself.
Shu-Shuichiro... Again... Put your dick in... again... and pound me...
With her switch turned on, Isumi begs while shaking her butt slightly.
So, I enter her all at once and thrust with precision.
Ah...! Ahh...! Ohhh... haa... eep...! Hee... My pussy... feels so full...
After having sex many times, I know exactly where she feels pleasure.
Um... A-Are you okay?
Guhyaa...
Are you... going to die?
She’s usually like this, so it’s fine.
When I have sex with Isumi, her mouth hangs open.
Her moans are really loud, but we don’t have to worry since we’re underground.
Ehhh... Something so big going all the way in... doesn’t it hurt?
Not at all... But... when my pussy... isn’t wet... it can hurt...
She calls it... her pussy...
But when it’s wet all the way to the back, the impact feels good.
Is that so...?
You didn’t know?
I didn’t know... I don’t have any experience...
So, when she isn’t completely wet, I often don’t penetrate all the way and keep it shallow.
And gradually, as the depths of her vagina become moist, I wait for my moment...
Ah, oooohhhhh... It’s a... dick...
Whaaa......?!
When I do this, she gets really happy.
Ah, haa... Mmmm, ohh... Ohh, haa, ahhh...
Her moaning sounds so beautiful...!
I don’t know about anyone other than Isumi, and Isumi hasn’t had sex with anyone other than me.
So maybe it’s just that we don’t know any better, but...
Haaa...! I feel like I’m being completely taken away...!
Ohhh... Hfff... Me too... My pussy feels... amazing... ohh... Ah, ugh...
Our bodies seem to match each other very well.
When I hit Isumi’s sensitive spot, my shaft twitches, and I can’t help but let out a sound.
Even as a virgin, I can tell that your compatibility is amazing...
It seems that my sister also understands that objectively.
......!
We immediately make our appeal.
Please... grant us... your approval...! Hfff...!
How should I answer that...?
Can she... see your dick... from that angle...?! Should I... point my pussy... this way more...?!
Can you lift your leg a little more, Isumi?
Even if it... comes off... I don’t mind...!
Such determination...
We subtly change positions so that my sister can see better, making sure she can enjoy the show comfortably.
You can’t concentrate on watching sex if it’s not stress-free.
Are you enjoying yourself, Hinako?
That is a... difficult question to answer...
We prepared in various ways because we wanted you to enjoy it.
Yeah... We did our best... to make it an... entertaining show...
Your certainly have a way of showing consideration...
Presently... the time has come for... the breast-touching service...!
Hmm, it would be rude not to touch... All right.
Ohhh... My nipples...
Isumi is extremely sensitive.
......
It’s difficult... to enjoy this...
It seems like she doesn’t really like it that much.
In this situation... there’s only one thing left to do, Isumi.
Mmm... Yeah... Let’s show her... something even... more amazing...
Just us having sex is bound to become monotonous.
What’s important is the synergy between the stage and the audience.
Aaahhh!
Huh, what’s wrong, Shu...?! Did you hurt your back?!
I’m running out of energy... I can’t make Isumi cum...!
Really...? Well, the human body isn’t that simple, and some days are just like that...
Hinako.
Do you remember when you came to my school sports festival even though it was tough for you?
Yeah, I remember... I was temporarily released from the hospital and went to watch.
Such a... good big sister...
You cheered for me that day... It really made me happy.
Hehe, it’s a good memory... You fell down in the middle of it, and I cried, but you still did your best until the end...
Can you cheer for me like you did back then?
......
So that my cock... won’t lose.
Go for it, Shu...!
......!
Shu, do your best!
Power is surging... in my cock!
In response to my sister’s encouragement, I begin to thrust my hips with great speed.
You can do it, Shu! Do your best!
Haaaaaa!
And Isumi also responds.
I-Isumi too! You can do it!
Ahh, haaa... Ohh, ugh... nnngghh...
The sound of moans and bodies colliding reverberates through the underground.
......
This is the power of audience participation.
How... did it come to this?
I’m asking for more specific encouragement...!
Like saying ‘Go, dick, go!’ or ‘That pussy looks so tight!’ to give us courage...!
Go, dick, go! Come on!
Haa, haa, haa, haa!
Pussy, fight hard!
More, more...
That dick is huge!
Unf! Unf! Unf!
It’s so hard! It’s so hard!
Haaa... Ahh... Ahhh...
Is that a third leg you’re putting into her vagina?!
Ahh... Your vagina feels even better than usual, Isumi...
They’re completely absorbed in their own world...
Mmm... It’s because it’s you, Shuichiro...
Even though I’m trying so hard...?
Ah, hfff... Ahh... Heee... Ohh... More... Ohh...
My cheers feel empty...
Also, when I say ‘come on,’ it feels like it has a different meaning...
We give it our final push.
With this feeling in her vagina, it’s almost time.
Ha, ah... Hfff... ugh... gah... ohh... ohh...
Amazing... She’s like a beast... Wow...
Ah, I’m... I’m... Ah, ugh... I’m going to... Ugh... ughhh...
And then...
I’m cumming!
Whoaa?!
You made such a loud sound!
Hyaaa... Mmm, aaaahhh...
And there’s so much liquid!
This is... squirting.
My face... is wet... My makeup is coming off...
At the same time Isumi reaches climax, she squirts.
It was something we learned as a result of our training.
I want to show it to my sister... haa... is what I thought...
Why would you want to show me that...?
Try tasting it.
It doesn’t... taste good...!
It’s thanks to your cheering, Hinako.
I don’t think it’s related...
......!
Even if you make that face...
Hey, hey... Shuichiro, more, more...
Recently, Isumi is not satisfied with just climaxing once.
She says that if she doesn’t climax multiple times, she can’t sleep.
Of course, I’m the same.
Doesn’t it hurt to do it so much...?
Ha... ah... Once you... experience... the pleasure... you become... addicted to it...
I-Is it really... that good...? Glp...
I can hear the sound of Hinako swallowing her saliva.
My pussy... feels... amazing...
Pussy...
And if we... climax together... it’s even better...
It’s an incredible sense... of satisfaction...
I see... Wow...
I really want to show that, and prove that our relationship is ‘perfect...’
Since we’re doing it raw right now, simultaneous climax would mean ejaculating inside her vagina.
In this case, it would mean breaking my promise not to do it until we get Hinako’s blessing.
I can’t... do that...!
Uugh... I want to... do it soon...
Damn, what should I do......?
Even if it’s something you’re so seriously troubled by...
I exhausted myself quite a bit from moving my hips too much while she was squirting.
Damn, I’m about to ejaculate...!
If I continue like this, I’ll be cumming soon.
Come on, Hinako...! Grant us... permission...!
Permission...?!
For procreation! Permission to procreate!
Ohh... ngh... Yes... permission... Give us a... permission slip...
I can’t issue something like that...!
And the two of you are still children yourselves...!
Haa...! Haaa...!
It’ll be difficult if you have a baby...!
Ohhh... Shuichiro...
We’ll find someone who can help with child-rearing...
Haa! Haaa!
Listen to me carefully.
I decide to listen to her carefully.
I mean, marriage... I wasn’t mentally prepared for it when you suddenly told me...
Big please, bro.
There’s also the issue of money...
We have plenty of money.
And your living arrangements...
We have a bowling facility here.
And how others will see you...
No one can come in without our permission.
......
Let me... ejaculate...!
N-No... I won’t allow it...!
Let me ejaculate...!
No...! You can’t get married so suddenly... or have a baby...!
Ah... Ohh... I want you to cum...! Cum...!
Is it okay...?!
Cum...! Shoot it into the place that feels so good...!
No...! You can’t cum yet! Don’t ejaculate!
In my mind, I can hear the voice of Kurebayashi mutter...
This is like a situation straight out of an audio drama, isn’t it?
And then it’s gone.
Hinako...
If she can’t understand, it’s because my resolve is lacking, I think to myself.
Will you listen?
So now, I am going to lay bare my heart.
I grew up in... a neglectful family where I was ignored by my parents.
I am going to tell her my true feelings.
The one who raised me into someone respectable was you, my sister.
But... I’m the one... who caused those problems...
I don’t resent you.
I’m grateful to my sister.
Well... to be honest, there was a time when I resented you too.
I thought things like, ‘Why does my sister get all the attention...? Why am I always ignored?’
I became an exhibitionist and was cut off from my family.
During my second hospitalization, it became complete.
What I felt from my parents was complete rejection.
I thought that no one understood me. I think that’s when I started feeling that way.
But even then, my sister was there for me.
Even when I became a criminal, she was always there.
But I changed after coming to this prison.
I lost some precious things, but I gained irreplaceable ones.
So I became a little more mature.
This is what I’ve wanted to convey all along.
I can be okay on my own.
Shu...
Her little brother has become an adult.
And my big sister is free to live the life she wants.
Haa... Ahhh...
That’s why...
Ahhh... Nnnnngh...
I am...
Can you quiet down a bit, Isumi?
Okay, I’ll zip it...
I mean, Sis, I—
I understand, Shu.
Cutting off my words, my sister nods.
I understand... it’s about time for me to let go of my little brother.
She wipes away tears from the corners of her eyes.
I always thought... that this time would come... but not... this soon...
Hinako...
Snff... I’m sorry for being such a crybaby... but I really am happy.
You were able to become an adult... because you met someone wonderful, right?!
Big... sister...
Isumi, he may be a total ignoramus, but please take care of my little brother.
Ah... Yes... I will!
My sister smiles.
This is my final duty as your big sister... I’m giving you a permission slip to have a kid!
She gives her official permission.
And with that...
Haaaaaaaaa!
The final thrusting begins.
It’s going in and out... haa... so intensely... ohh...
I thrust into Isumi’s vagina with all my strength.
Ungh... ungh... I... I’m about to... Hffff...
Isumi’s and my breathing become one.
I’m going to... cum... I’m almost... ohhh... there...
Everything mixes together and melts away.
Shu... snff... you really... found someone you love...
Once that’s gone, it’s the end.
I’m gonna... cum... Are you... about to climax...? I’m going to climax! Ohhh...
I’m about to climax...!
I... I want to... climax... uungh... nnngh... together... Let’s climax... together...!
Nnnnnngh!
We reach climax together.
......
Our bodies tremble simultaneously.
Deep inside the depths of her vagina...
Beautiful......
...my semen flows, aiming for her egg like a sniper.
Hffff... Hffff...
Isumi drools with a completely relaxed expression.
Did you die...?
It’s always like this.
When immersed in the afterglow of climax, she’s always like this.
Hfffff... Climaxing... feels so good... My pussy tightens up... And making your dick... feel good too... it gives me confidence... My heart feels warm...
I also enjoy the afterglow from the special pleasure of making Isumi climax.
Hngh, haaaaa...!
After a while, I pull my cock out.
Ah, ohhh... Your dick... went out...
It’ll be back soon.
A bit later, my semen gushes from her vagina.
Wow... It’s my first time seeing it, but is semen always this thick and sticky...? And it’s filled up her pussy... She’s definitely going to get pregnant...
My sister mumbles this to herself while she watches the movement of the viscous liquid.
But that’s... what you want, isn’t it? That’s right. You’re having sex because you want to make a baby...
Then she straightens her posture.
Again, I’m counting on you, Isumi... Please always take care of my little brother.
......!
Think of me as... your big sister who is much older than you, and let’s get along well, okay?
Y-Yes... let’s get... along...! I’m i-in... y-your care...!
The two of them laugh together.
It seems like the wall between us has disappeared, and we have come to understand each other.
I am really happy that my sister has understood and accepted my beloved partner.
I... I’m so glad... I’m so glad, Shuichiro...!
I’m very happy too.
Even if we were to welcome a new family member.
I’m sure we’ll be just fine.
My sister stretches with a refreshed expression.
Well then, now that all my worries are gone, I think it’s time for me to go home. I’m worried about my cats too—
You don’t have to worry about that.
Huh?
Meow...
Chima and Lou... Wait, w-why are you here? What’s going on?!
C-Cats... They’re so... cute...
I had some men in black catnap them, but safely and without giving them any stress. It cost about two million.
Why would you...?
Because now that we’ve finished reporting to our family... the next thing is the wedding, right?
......
Wait, this won’t work! I have work to do...! I can livestream from here, but my suit I wear for acting is at home—
Don’t worry.
I anticipated this, so I created a motion capture facility and a streaming environment.
......
It cost around twenty-five million. It was pretty cheap.
Uh...
Yeah...
Having gone to all this effort, I want my family to be here to share our happiest moment.
A pure white kimono would be perfect for Isumi’s white hair.
Shuichiro...
And having my older sister here will make life underground more fun.
Yeah...! I’ve always... wanted a... big sister...! So I’m... really happy...!
I’m glad you want me around, but...!
She has her cats and a working environment here. Everything she needs.
There’s no reason for her not to like it.
I’ve grown up, haven’t I?
Umm, well...
It seems like our life underground will continue for a while.
(END)
I am released from my cell.
......
My joints hurt.
My eyes, having adjusted to the darkness, burn as they take in sunlight.
I think to myself that I never want to be put in there ever again.
I head to the rehabilitation center classroom.
Uh, you short-fused sickos will always need to be in control of your anger.
Today, they are holding an anger management program.
No longer a model prisoner, I can’t take part in most of these, but this one is available to any prisoner who’s fresh out of punishment.
You’re the only unlucky one, only you’re unhappy... Do you ever think like that?
I have no interest in the lecture, of course.
All I want is some time to think.
Well, here’s a little something you all might not know. People survive by helping each other!
Game development has been banned by Warden Mizushiro.
The team was disbanded, and it will be difficult for us to gather going forward.
When we tested prisoners and asked them what the word ‘people’ meant to them, 80 percent said they were asses. But we need to be reminded that people are meant to support each other.
But I am not giving up that easily.
If I were someone who stopped when I was told, I wouldn’t be in prison in the first place.
I will finish the game by any means necessary.
When you think of yourself as constantly cleaning up after everyone, your insides get twisted with rage.
I will ask for everyone’s help. I’m sure they’ll say yes.
The first person I should talk to is the illustrator, since the art will take the longest.
Although you may not realize it, people are cleaning up after you too. People help each other. We all wipe each other’s asses. It’s an assoboros. If you think of it that way, your rage should...
Something hits me in the head.
I turn around, but nobody is standing up.
Number 0720, pay attention.
I sincerely apologize.
Were you listening?
People wipe each other’s asses.
Very good.
Let me reiterate that people are made to wipe each other’s asses...
Should you ever feel cheated or that things are unfair, remember these words. ‘When you are wiping someone’s ass, your ass is also getting wiped.’ It may be a crass way of putting things, but it should be easy for you to remember.
Something hits me in the head again.
I look at the floor and see a piece of eraser.
......
Someone threw it at me.
But I don’t know who.
Heh...
Hehehe...
The prisoners behind me are snickering at me.
......
I let out a gentle snort and face forward.
The fuck is your problem, huh?!
The fuck are you staring at, Baldy?!
This is childish.
Stop acting cocky! I know you’re fucking scared!
An unfamiliar prisoner stands up, knocking down his chair.
I stand as well to face him.
What are you bastards doing?! We’re in the middle of class!
Officer Yamagishi’s shout pierces through the air.
I was just in the middle of talking about suppressing! Your! Anger! You dumb bastards!
I-I’m sorry... We weren’t thinking.
The fuck you say?!
What’s going on here?
Captain Shikolenko!
I was just in the middle of arbitrating! They were FIGHTING, goddammit!
N-Not so loud...
What?! I’m sorry! I can’t control my VOLUME when I’m trying to SCOLD people!
Just quiet down before you give me a headache.
Yes, ma’am!
Ah! Uh...! How is this, Captain Shik
Those random prisoners are still glaring at me.
Eep...!
I just take it, not really sure what their issue is.
From then on, I find myself persistently bullied.
What, you’re going to give your spot to me?! Thank you!
I get knocked out of line in the cafeteria.
Whoa! Did I hit you? My bad, I just recently got into yoga!
Another time, I get elbowed all over while changing in the inspection room.
I told you time and time again, there’s no exchanging of meals! If you don’t eat what I gave you, then I guess you’re not eating.
......
Sometimes, I find trash in my food.
It’s like when I first got here, but some things are different.
What did you do this time?
......
These
The other thing that’s changed since I first arrived is my position.
What are you doing walking in front of me... You buck-naked loser.
Cough, cough
Hey, you okay?!
Sometimes, when I get attacked, my friends from the mines save me.
You got some fucking balls attacking one of our mine bros!
The fuck are you stepping up for, you goddamn holiday worker. Rats like you should stay digging underground!
You some kind of fucking rat professor?!
The well-built miners square up against the thinner but still deadly prisoners.
Now, now... Let’s not fight! Do your boy Ozawa a solid and be cool! Okay?
Things are starting to get heated, but Ozawa steps in to calm things down.
You okay, Minato? Those fucking bastards... ganging up on a kid like you. The hell are the guards doing?
......
Hey, you want to go to the chapel with me next time? There’s this beautiful nun there, and she’ll listen to anyone, even convicts like us.
I’m okay... Thanks.
Okay.
I am being targeted.
I don’t know why, but someone has it out for me.
I took back the prostate massager you left with the Eroducer and threw it away already, was that okay? It was risky to keep it there. Sorry.
That’s fine. Thanks, actually.
I go to the local information broker to find out what’s happening to me.
Nothing goes on in this prison that Mr. Kugitani doesn’t know about.
I heard the rumors. My ears are always picking up chatter. Like how a guard slept with a prisoner, or which inmate succeeded in sneaking in some porn.
Most are just bullshit. Completely useless. So I thought this was along those lines, but...
Please tell me.
Word is that you assaulted the boss of the Hatae Clan and made her your woman.
Not much catches me off guard, but this one throws me for a loop.
No way.
Yeah, there’s no way. But the Chief’s been pretty down lately. Things are off the rails.
I obviously haven’t assaulted the Chief, but it seems to be true that she’s acting out of character.
My guess is that things just kind of spiraled from there, and someone who didn’t like all the attention I was getting pinned it on me.
This means everyone who’s been messing with me is probably with the Hatae Clan.
Now that I think about it, a lot of them had prison numbers associated with the Sex Crimes Ward.
Even if they weren’t direct members, some of them could be messing with me to get in the Hatae Clan’s good graces.
That’s the kind of place prison is.
And one more thing.
......?
Exhibitiman might be crazy enough to do it.
She’s not any normal yakuza, she’s the leader of a clan that controls the majority of Kyushu. What sane person would go after her? I’d probably keep it in my pants and never pull it out again.
That’s what a normal prisoner would do, according to Mr. Kugitani.
But we couldn’t put it past you. I mean, you might even pull it off, even if it’s against the chief of the Hatae Clan.
I was told not to do anything violent.
Just as you watch the prisoners here, they’re watching you. Everything you’ve done up until now as well.
I don’t remember doing anything special.
You may not like it, but that’s how folks look at you. You’ve done enough to earn that kind of reputation.
Which is why this is such a problem, huh?
Exactly.
Mr. Kugitani lights a cigarette and continues.
Nothing is more important to the yakuza than honor. How do you think
I’d want revenge.
If only. They have influence, even over the guards. Try getting hit in your sleep with a sock full of rocks. It hurts.
You have experience?
A long time ago. I don’t want your face to swell up purple like that.
The prison is abuzz with baseless rumors.
It isn’t very convenient that I’m getting harassed by them.
Not when I have business with their matriarch.
So, what are you gonna do?
The only thing I can do.
I figure the rational thing to do is to get this over with as quickly as possible.
I’m gonna jump them.
That’s the most efficient way.
Let me see the Chief.
I am surrounded by the usual thugs in front of the recreation room.
No fucking way, dumbass!
Unsurprisingly, they’re acting hostile towards me.
Why not?
She’s busy right now! Even if she wasn’t, she doesn’t have time for a perverted little kid who gets his rocks off showing everyone his dick!
Given their attitude, violence could break out at any minute.
Then I’ll come back tomorrow.
What, you running away?!
That’s it? You’re rolling over that easy?
Why do you care? You wanna see my ass?
Only if you want it beat!
People wipe each other’s asses.
Shut the fuck up!
That’s enough! Stand down.
Three people emerge from the recreation room.
They stand in front of me as if to make a wall.
Who the fuck do you think you are...?
What’s your deal, man? Always turning up. Stop annoying the Chief with your bullshit!
They’re way more menacing than your typical thugs.
Hehehe... how savage. You managed to get one lucky break, and you let it get to your head.
It seems like the three of them are the Chief’s trusted men.
We are yakuza. A group of people formed on the very basis that we would do
He says to me in a cold tone.
The guard will be back in a minute. That’s more than enough time to clean up what’s left of you and host an after-party... with twenty seconds to spare.
This is nothing like before.
They don’t intend to let me pass, no matter what I do.
So, what 
I told you it was bad, so lay low, didn’t I...?!
......
I’ll try to talk to them, but no guarantees...
Come to think of it, the first time I met the matriarch was when Ozawa, a member of the Hatae Clan, caused a bit of trouble.
I crush the balls of anyone who fucks with me.
Snap
Then I just need to create the same situation.
You want me to crush yours?
It’s the most efficient way.
What?!
Ahhhhhhhhh
Heeeeeeeeeeelp
S-Stop it! I don’t do that! I wouldn’t jack you off!
Sexual acts in prison are against the rules and are subject to severe punishment.
He’s tickling my tip, he’s going to make me shoot out my thick cum!
This motherfucker! I’ll slice his dick off!
Would the guards here believe you?
You fucking disgusting pervert!
Officer Yamagishi will come in shouting. I bet she won’t even listen to you.
The yakuza really care about their reputation.
If rumors spread that they ganged up and gave a kid a handjob, their reputations would be ruined.
Y-You motherfucker!
Now choose. Do you want to ruin the reputation of the Hatae Clan and face punishment?
Or will you let me in?
I heard someone was going to shoot out some thick dick milk over here!
I am finally allowed inside the room.
That’s odd... Nothing like that happening here.
One of them lies as Officer Yamagishi shows up shouting.
You again. Nothing good ever happens when Ozawa comes ’round.
I-I’m sorry, Chief...
The Chief is sitting in a chair like usual.
Her subordinates all surround her, looking menacingly at me.
Chief.
She may be scary but she’s kind. I thought that she might understand if I explained the situation to her.
What are you doing here?
But the Chief’s tone is very cold.
Team 69’s rehabilitation program got suspended. You shouldn’t have any business with me anymore.
She seems to be angry that I’ve come.
It must be important if you were willing to cause all this commotion.
I wanted to talk to you about the rumors.
Her brow twitches.
And?
It’s a baseless misunderstanding. Let’s try to set the record straight together.
Haa, you really are a kid.
For us, the instant the rumors started, it became an issue. The fact that people think you
You and I aren’t the same. What yakuza is going to follow a boss who got fucked over by some third-rate thug?
This is an issue of yakuza honor. It’s not an issue we can just talk out.
Which means she can’t see me again.
Plus, you just framed some of my men. What are you going to do about that?
We had just gotten to know each other.
I accept that I’ll have to take a hit for that.
I can’t lay a hand on a civilian. It’ll just sully our name.
I want to talk to just you.
Give it up and get the fuck out of here.
She pushes me away like it’s nothing to her.
No.
But I’m not giving up so easily.
You better watch your mouth!
I’m not backing down.
Then I, Noriaki Hanada, Hatae Clan Taka Group Commander, will kick your ass on her behalf!
The most menacing-looking of her men steps forward.
You wanna go?!
No.
What?!
I can’t beat you in a fight.
Well, that’s fucking smart of you!
A group of yakuza surround and heckle me.
You’re gonna fight all of us one-on-one!
Absolutely not.
Come at us, you fucking bitch!
Sorry to disappoint you.
Who the fuck you think you are?!
We are at an impasse.
The not-very-understanding yakuza are shouting at me.
Shut the fuck up!
The Chief’s yell quiets everyone.
Kid, you know what you’re saying?
I want to talk to you, but I don’t want to fight because I’m weak.
Who’s going to listen to this bullshit? If you want something, you have to offer up something of equal value. That’s the way things are.
How do I do that?
We’re yakuza. If we can’t solve things by talking, then we have to do it with our fists.
Isn’t there any way to resolve this without fighting?
I suppose there is. I hear things can get settled over a bet or cards as well.
Like UNO.
No, traditional cards, dice... The Hatae Clan came up from a gambling den.
Then let’s make a bet.
The Chief glares at me quietly.
Are you sure? I won’t be going easy on a kid like you.
Good.
Fine, you’re on then.
But, Chief—!
The room falls quiet again.
Tomorrow afternoon. We’ll have everything ready by then.
Okay, I’ll be sure not to be late.
With that, I leave the recreation room.
I looked into that matter we’d discussed, Chief.
Thanks. So, how was it?
It seems the rumor made the rounds of the prison even more quickly than usual, as if someone is intentionally trying to spread it.
Dirty rats! They think they can bring down the Hatae Clan that way?
So either some thug is intentionally spreading the rumor,
Or he’s spreading it around himself.
I-I swear, that’s not the case! There’s no way Shuichiro is spreading those rumors about the boss!
Huh? How can you be so sure nobody put him up to it? These young toughs without a crew, you’ve seen ’em do worse.
Yeah, but...!
The way he went off screaming ‘handjob, handjob’ was quick thinking. Not something someone coming off of punishment would do. At the very least, the kid’s no normal civvy.
But if he’s not allied with any organization, he could be a powerful ally.
Exactly.
You can’t be stupid in our world, you have to be able to take in the good and the bad.
Will he be able to understand that? We’ll have to wait and see.
But it could be good to bet on the kid.
(END)
And that day.
You hear that Exhibitiman is gonna go gambling head-to-head against the Chief?
Word spreads among the prisoners about the showdown.
The baseless rumors also get spread, and I’m the focus of everyone’s attention.
He ripped off the Chief’s clothes, but even that wasn’t enough for him—so he tore her clothes off, and then stripped her naked for good measure.
Apparently the man in Exhibitiman doesn’t stand for male, but something else entirely. Whatever it is, it’s a microcosm of life.
......
Just then, Kurebayashi shows up carrying a tray.
Hey, you. Heard you’re challenging the Chief. You in a bad mood or something?
You haven’t heard the rumor?
Rumor...? Oh, how you raped her or something? Like you’d ever do that.
......!
I mean, you’re definitely weaker than she is.
......
I finish my lunch and leave the cafeteria.
And I arrive at the recreation room where the showdown is happening.
It’s rather hot and stuffy inside.
This is quite the crowd. I guess you won’t be able to cheat like this.
......
The prisoners line the wall.
The tension could be cut with a knife.
You came.
The Chief is brazenly sitting there in the middle of it all.
Looks like we got a bit of a crowd going. It’s hard to get people to stay quiet. You scared?
No.
I’m willing to listen if you want to beg.
That’s not necessary.
The Chief and I face off.
Her yakuza underlings, Shimonuma and Hanada, are flanking her on each side.
So, what will this showdown be about?
Will it be cards or dice?
This is a prison. Not a place where we can easily bring in cards or dice. All gambling pieces need to be handmade.
The Chief pulls out an envelope.
Which is why we came up with a prison-original game to gamble on.
She pulls out a deck of cards from the envelope.
A game that rewards truth, lies, and the ability to see through both.
The game is Sexy Indian Poker.
......
......
What are the rules?
This deck is made up of cards with fetishes written on them.
The player picks a card from a shuffled deck and places it on their forehead.
Then we each begin to talk about our fetishes and build the conversation from there.
If you say the fetish on your own card, you lose, and if you can get your opponent to say it, you win.
The crowd around us begins to murmur.
Hm. It’s not as dumb as it looks.
Yeah, any kind of dirty talk in this prison gets you punished, no questions asked.
Which means if you lose...
...the prison guard there will give you a piece of her mind and a punch to your face.
......
I’ve been warned something obscene will be going on here and am standing by. I understand the rules. The loser will be taking full responsibility for this event.
Officer Yamagishi will be officiating this fight as a neutral party.
It’s the prison guards’ duty to step in to settle any disputes between prisoners.
This format is quicker for both prisoners and guards because it requires only one guard, rather than a whole inquisition.
......
However, we both basically have a gun to our heads.
The pressure alone is enough to affect your decision-making.
With her baton hanging over your head... will you be able to make your opponent say the word?
I will.
The Chief smiles fearlessly.
I have to win.
If I win, I will speak with you alone.
And if you lose, what are you putting on the line?
One arm.
However, these false rumors have put the Chief’s chastity into question.
In that case...
I’ll bet my dick.
There is a shift in the air.
Just a finger is bad enough, but he went past an arm and is betting his dick?! Don’t do it, Exhibitiman! There are some things you can’t get back!
Have some class. That’s just how important this showdown is for him.
Or maybe he wants a sex change like me...
Don’t be stupid. A man without a dick is still a man with a huge gaping wound between his thighs.
I’ve already talked it over with Amatsu.
He’s actually the one who recommended I do this.
If you really want to fight, you don’t need to worry about betting on my presence.
Are you sure?
Hehe, I want you to bet me.
Amatsu...
Shuichiro, show them you mean business. Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll win.
Fine... I accept your bet of one dick.
Listen, kid... When you roll a die, you know what you’re getting. It’s either going to be even or odd.
But this is different.
Let’s see if you’re smart enough to find the answer.
The Chief hands me a card.
A card that will determine my future.
Okay, then. Let the showdown commence.
We put the cards to our foreheads in unison.
You’re on, you bitch!
My opponents include Hanada to the Chief’s right.
You drew a very interesting card, Exhibitiman. This won’t be much of a match... No, I shouldn’t say anything.
And Shimonuma to her left.
The three fetishes they drew are... I see.
So it’s actually a one-on-three.
They’re professional gamblers, aren’t they? You really think a kid who barely has any pubes grown in like Exhibitiman can win?
Normally, there’s no way Shuichiro can win.
Honestly, I can’t blame anyone for thinking that.
I’m a complete amateur when it comes to gambling.
But I also know how to stay stone-faced, whether I get threatened or provoked.
To be blunt, that’s one of my strengths.
Say something, you bitch
I also know some basic fighting tactics.
First, you take out the weakest one to whittle down the numbers.
‘Buck naked.’
?!
‘Exhibitionist.’
Looking at their reaction, it seems the word on my forehead isn’t “buck naked” or “exhibitionist.”
Officer Yamagishi doesn’t make a move either.
Are you fucking insane?! Why the hell are you shooting off those words so easily?!
‘Naked’ and ‘exhibitionist’ are crucial words to me. If these were out, then I would’ve lost anyway.
It’s not rational to waste time, right?
......
That doesn’t mean he should’ve gambled on that! This kid is stupid!
No, he did the right thing.
Yes, he was able to control the situation with those words.
Feeling the pressure, Hanada frantically tries to give me a look of scorn.
The whole point of this showdown is to see how well you can replace those words! How about you use those testicle brains of yours, you fucking idiot!
This is it.
Testicles?!
I interject loudly.
What?!
Just how are my brains testicles?!
Yo, back up, not so close...!
Say it! How are they testicles?!
It’s nothing to get so worked up about!
Tell me how they’re testicles!
Stop busting my chops about testicles!
You said it!
Ah, fuck!
Officer Yamagishi’s fist connects, sending Hanada flying.
What the fuck?!
You said ‘busting testicles!’ Therefore, you will be punished!
Fuck! My card was ‘ball busting?!’
The crowd cheers.
H-He actually did it... He took out one of them already.
He lowered his decision-making abilities by pressing him!
I’ve met a variety of people since coming to this prison.
I’m slowly learning how to handle them.
Well, now... You show some potential after taking out Hanada. However, you won’t be able to do the same to me.
Back when I was developing hair removal tools, one of my supervisors loved pubes; he would always say, ‘the mouth is the root of all disasters, while the pussy is the root of the bush.’
......
My next opponent is Shimonuma, one of those high-IQ yakuza types.
He is demonstrating his lack of fear by saying these keywords to me.
The obscenity detector doesn’t budge.
We are working under the present rules, but we are talking about Himeru Yamagishi.
She’s likely storing every obscene word into her memory bank and letting it fester and grow.
Then the loser will get fucked hard.
That kind of pressing tactic won’t work on Mr. Shimonuma... He’s a clever guy.
That guy? He looks like a pansy...
I’m pretty sure that kind of pressing tactic won’t work this time.
At this rate, we’ll just gain a dick. That is quite boring.
He’s making a play.
So why don’t we raise the stakes?
Psychological warfare is part of Sexy Indian Poker.
Let’s see... I’ll bet my glasses.
His plan is to distract me and make me say the keyword.
I raise my right arm.
But that won’t be enough to rattle me.
I raise my hair that’s been receding lately.
He doesn’t even flinch.
I raise both of my legs.
I’m not rattled or scared.
I raise my pubic hair.
That’s because I...
I raise my eyes, nose, and mouth.
I’m already betting my dick.
I raise the hair around my anus.
I’m already betting my other half.
Now you have nothing else to bet.
In other words...
I raise the life of my deadbeat dad.
I’m already betting my life.
Your deadbeat—!
What? Is my deadbeat father not good enough?
Hehehe... You’re crazy!
I’ll bet the life of my sister in Tokyo. She raised me in place of my mother. I care about her more than anyone. You should have no problem with it.
From deadbeat to your sister—ngh?!
Shimonuma gets punched.
Beat it to your sister?!
My card... ah, it was ‘sister incest!’ Hehehe, you got me!
The crowd bursts into cheers.
......! He took out two already!
He’s basically won already. I’m going to go take a bath.
Hold on... I don’t think he’s going to get any more.
Who are you?!
Yeah, there’s no way he’s beating the big boss at gambling.
I took out Hanada and Shimonuma.
......
All that’s left is the final boss.
I commend you for taking out two of my Trio. Serves as a good lesson not to underestimate kids.
Taeka Hatae, the Hatae matriarch, remains.
Now, what kind of tactic are you going to use on me? I can’t wait to see.
......!
There’s no emotion.
I can’t read beyond the smile on her face. I don’t know what she’s thinking either.
What a flawless poker face.
What’s wrong, kid? You’re going to make me blush if you stare at me like that.
I feel a certain pressure from the Chief.
A kind of powerful aura that can only be found with strong people.
Something is making me feel like if I don’t attack, I’m going to lose.
However, that also feels like a trap.
Still.
If I don’t attack, I can’t win.
You haven’t said a word so far.
Hm, you’re right. What about it?
You think that you’ll lose if you speak carelessly.
Please. It’s pathetic for an adult to interfere in a kids’ fight.
You were even quiet about your fetishes. This won’t get us anywhere.
Yeah, but that’s not my fault.
I don’t have any weird fetishes.
......!
She doesn’t have any fetishes?!
Which means...!
Yeah, the Chief is invincible at this game.
Come to think of it, the Chief’s nickname is just “the Chief.”
Which means she didn’t earn a name to symbolize her sexual deviance when she was sentenced.
In other words, she doesn’t have any particular fetish.
Therefore, I have no need to say any sexual terms.
......
Basically, I never had a way to beat the Chief from the start.
The whole Hatae Clan got its start in dice and card games, but even the other Hatae admit that the Chief is a full-on prodigy at ’em.
She’s been in and out of gambling dens since she was a kid. She’s so good at cards, she could bankrupt a business tycoon in just one day.
She’s been gambling since she was that young...?
Rumor is, she even guessed the winning ticket for the horses attached to the mobile above her crib.
You!
Who...?
The Chief gives a smile to show her confidence.
That’s all I have to say. Now, it’s your turn to talk about your sexual deviances.
......
Think, Shuichiro.
How do I get the Chief to say her keyword?
What’s the matter? How long are you planning on staring at the floor?
I could dig my own grave, here, if I’m not careful.
But I can’t very well just stay silent.
You’re the one who said this wouldn’t be much of a game if we kept our mouths shut.
Think, think.
What are the best words to use here?
So what’s your plan here? Show us already!
I have to think of something good.
......!
It hits me.
Not a thought, but a flashback.
Something the Chief said before our showdown.
I’m willing to listen if you want to beg.
......
What’s wrong?
The yakuza are obsessed with respect and reputation.
Can you let me off the hook?
The whole issue stemmed from there.
I’m the one who spread the rumors.
And the biggest issue is that someone spread these strange rumors.
I wanted the attention.
With that gone, nothing else should matter.
But I’m no match for you.
If that’s the case...
So I accept my defeat here.
Losing will mean winning.
Heh.
The Chief smiles again.
You guys heard him! He spread those pathetic rumors going around himself to get some clout!
......
It can’t be... just for the attention?
I knew it! Why are younger guys such irresponsible little shits?
Shuichiro, you bastard...
An exhibitionist who can’t flaunt his stuff anymore resorts to lies for attention... Exhibitionism really is a microcosm of life.
In other words, this proves the rumors were completely false!
I knew it!
How dare your drag the Chief’s name through the mud! How are you going to make this right?
Shut the fuck up!
I told him at the start that I would listen if he begged for forgiveness.
Yeah, I guess I remember her saying that.
Huh? Are you sure?
B-But Chief! We can’t let him get away with it!
We’re yakuza! We don’t go back on our word! And we don’t mess with civvies!
And he’s come to face me head-on. Out of respect for his guts, I’m wiping his slate clean!
The Chief speaks with enough gusto to shut down any nay-sayers.
However! We know where these lies started, but if anyone continues to spread this bullshit...
...then I, Taeka Hatae, will deal with you personally! Got it?!
She declares confidently as she lowers her card that reads leering fetish.
The spectators are addressed, and things begin to simmer down.
The event is over, and the Hatae Clan executives manage to coax Officer Yamagishi out of the room as they finish a simple cleanup.
Now then... We can finally speak one-on-one.
Only the Chief and I remain.
First, let me apologize to you for this. Seems like I dragged you into a huge misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding?
The rumor. I told our young ones that they were just groundless rumors, but anger got the best of them. It’s my responsibility. I’m sorry.
The Chief bows her head low.
She’s apologizing for the harassment I received from the Hatae Clan members.
Don’t worry about it.
Yeah?
Then why wouldn’t you meet with me?
Well, so you wouldn’t get dragged into this mess. Can’t go getting civvies involved in our internal beef.
That goes for the rumor, too. I was planning on dealing with it on my end, but then you came smashing in.
And I made it worse.
Yes. Plus you played dirty and framed Hanada.
It was my best logical shot at meeting you.
Logical, huh? But things got to a point where they got out of hand. That’s why—
You made a big deal of it on purpose?
The Chief nods.
Our issue was the rumor. Once that was resolved, we had no problem with you.
The prisoners are always bored enough to come and watch when they hear there’s some showdown going on. Then all I needed you to do was fess up—whether you’d done anything or not.
In other words, the plan was for us to kill two birds with one stone.
She settled the rumors and my problem with Hanada all at once.
That’s... big-time!
Compliments won’t get you anywhere with me. Of course, this all hinged on you picking up what I was putting down.
But you did. I had some high expectations, but I didn’t think you’d deliver this well. I’m the one who should be complimenting you.
The Chief gives me a kind smile.
You manned up.
I feel really happy getting the compliment.
Seems like we got something even more than what we wagered.
......?
Never mind, don’t worry about it. Still, kid, like I said before, it’s not very wise to pick a fight with someone you barely know.
But you just complimented me.
Your opponent might not face you head-on. Take a look at this.
The Chief takes out the cards we used earlier.
Here, take this.
She shuffles and tells me to take the top card.
Buck naked.
Buck naked.
Buck naked.
No matter how many times I try, I draw the same “buck naked” card.
You’re cheating.
If she did this, I would’ve lost for sure.
What you see isn’t everything. Sometimes, you need to use these tricks to survive in this world.
Get smart, kid. Take the good with the bad, and become a big man.
I’m looking at the Chief in awe of her coolness.
Well, you’ve got some balls taking on a group of yakuza alone. I gotta admit, I was pretty surprised. You do whatever it takes, huh?
So? What was it you wanted to tell me so bad?
Yes, this is what I came here for.
Sorry, Chief.
Huh?
You went through all the trouble to create the art, but we can’t publish the game anymore.
I had wanted to come apologize in person.
Uh-huh...
But I’m committed to getting it out there! No matter what it takes! Come hell or high water! So!
I want you to work on a game with me again!
That’s what I wanted to tell her.
I wanted to ask her to work together again.
......
The Chief is slack-jawed.
Is it a no?
Hahahaha!
But she gives me a hearty laugh.
I’m serious.
Damn, kid, you... Hah, I
I haven’t laughed like this in a while! You’re callin’
The Chief places her hand on my shoulder as she chuckles in her peculiar manner.
I like you, kid! Okay, whatever you need, you can count on me.
Really?!
But game development is a no-go. I don’t have the free time.
How about this. You probably lost some face today, and the Obscenity Ward’s gonna give ya a hard time. I’ll see what I can do.
So you can’t start game work right away?
Relax, kid. If you want something, then you gotta give something first.
The Chief slings her jacket coolly over her shoulders.
Don’t worry, I won’t do you dirty. You can look forward to tomorrow.
With that, the Chief strolls out of the room.
(END)
Life in prison changes completely the next day.
Good morning, Mr. Ex!
Mr. Ex! What’s happenin’!
Instead of tormenting me, the hardened prisoners form a line to greet me.
......
Whazzappenin’, Mr. Ex!
I get bowed to wherever I go.
Space here for you to get nice and changed, Mr. Ex!
Bitch, you’re in Mr. Ex’s spot! Get the fuck out!
They go out of their way to make things easy for me, for some reason.
......
Wazzappenin! We’ll take care of the diggin’, so make yourself comfortable over there!
But this is Bear Team’s spot...
A group of young men take the pick out of my hands.
They even hand me water and lead me to a relatively comfortable rock to sit on.
G’daseeasucka’noff, Murr Ex!
Wazappenin, Murr Eggs!
W-What are they saying?
Probably something kind of dirty.
Yeah, it... kinda does... Kinda really does...
Even Chisato, popping out of nowhere, looks surprised.
Number 0720! Where are you?!
I’ve got the exact same look on my face.
Exhibitimaaaaaan!
Why is everyone acting so different all of a sudden?
Exhibitimaaaaaaan!
Officer Yamagishi appears, all but singing.
Oh, the echo in this tunnel is so fun!
The echo in this tunnel is way too loud, I think to myself.
Yes, ma’am.
You stand straight at attention when you’re called for! And don’t you forget it!
Now, that aside...
I am truly sorry.
You’re getting a new job. Off to the surface with you, right now.
What?
You’ve got soot all over your cheeks. Ugh, let me wipe you down with my handkerchief.
She dusts me off.
Takes me to the surface.
And brings me to the rehabilitation center.
Keep this on your jacket and get to your new role.
She sticks a nameplate over my chest.
It reads, “Hygiene Manager.”
Yeah, looks pretty good on you.
The recreation room door opens, and a few figures approach.
How you doing, kid?
The Hatae Clan regulars appear in formation.
They all have the same hygiene manager nameplate on their chests.
Heheh... Don’t tell me you forgot. I said I’d do you good, didn’t I?
She casually slips on her jacket.
Hygiene manager title’s a formality, y’see. Our job’s to walk ’round the slammer to make sure no one’s causing problems.
The Chief herself catches me up on my new job.
That and negotiation of all stripes. Think of us like mediators.
I follow her physically, but not mentally.
Oh, Miss Hatae! Glad you could make it, and humbled by your presence!
Mm, doing well out here?
The prisoner in charge of the laundry room bows his head to the Chief.
Gotta give the rookies jobs. He was pretty good with his hands too. I’ll see if we can’t get him a place elsewhere.
Oh, thank you! That would be wonderful, eheheh...!
I take notes as I’m told.
After jotting down the number of the prisoner mentioned, I follow the Chief as she looks around the area.
Patrolling around to make sure no one’s pulling any tricks is your new job.
You see prisoners having a squabble, you solve the problem and report to one of the folks in uniform. You’ll also hear out requests people’d rather not ask the COs.
Oh, and if there’s a ruckus, you cool it down.
Ruckus?
Nothing too big. A bit ago everyone was howling about a UFO, but it’s probably just some halfwit with a remote-controlled toy.
And I hear there was a big riot here a good year ago. People rose up against the guards, and word has it they tried to escape the prison.
If that happens, who do we side with?
Whoever’s right. Ain’t no way to justify rousing up a prison break if you’re in here serving your sentence.
There’s lots of people in the Sex Crimes Ward, and a bunch of squabbling cliques to match. Hell, some of the kids in here had their hands in organized sex crime on the outside.
Bringing this squabblin’ gaggle of crows together and controlling ’em is your job as a manager.
I see.
These patrols are generally done as a group. Managers from other wards and the COs’ll join in.
This job gets a lot easier when you’re on the guards’ good sides. Remember that.
The Chief continues her stroll through the prison.
Like it’s her yard.
That’s the guy, right? The freak exhibitionist they made a mediator even after he talked all that shit about the Hatae?
The whispering prisoners are looking our way.
What the hell is a low-level sicko from the Obscenity Ward doing lording over us?
Bet he became Hatae’s butter dog or something. Little dairy on the down-there and you’ve got canine cunny, heheh...
What’s a butter dog?
Demented stuff. They’re just pent up and projecting.
The Chief strains out a smile and turns back.
You’ve got a basic idea of the work now, right?
Yeah.
So, what do you think’s the hardest part of this job?
It’s easy to make enemies, so, being balanced in your authority.
Heh...
She opens her eyes just a touch and chuckles.
Glad you’re so sharp. See, we mediators are always wanting for help. We’ll take just about anyone.
You’ve got guts, and I’ll bet working in the mines has given you some serious stamina.
I’ve gotten quite ripped recently.
Then get to work, kid, I know you’ve got it in you. Give it a go and do what feels right.
I’ve been put in charge of the printing room.
Kurebayashi used to work here, if memory serves, but it looks like she’s been moved.
There’s not one face I recognize.
My name is Exhibitiman, and I’m the hygiene manager assigned to this team. Pleased to meet all of you.
Hinako always told me how important greetings are, so I bow my head.
No answer and no reaction.
Tch, Hatae’s butter dog acting like he owns the place...
The man who represents the printing team murmurs to himself.
Lemme make some trouble for him... heh...
I hear he used to draw tally marks on his lady’s thighs every time he busted a nut. Tormented by his poor penmanship, he held a woman down for hours to get it perfect and ended up arrested.
How many times do I gotta fucking repeat myself, new girl?!
Eeep!
I turn back to face the shriek.
Don’t you know how to tally with kanji properly!? What the hell are you doing with these weird lines!?
B-But...! But there was this transfer student from A-Australia, he loved writing on my thighs like this...!
What the hell are you, the hot mom at the homestay? Don’t let the stud run a train over you that easy, your husband loves you!
The boss yells at Crappymori, freshly transferred to the team.
The guard happens to be out, with a “Vacant” plate hanging from her station.
No fighting.
I step up as mediator and step in.
The fuck’s your problem? This rookie needs to be set straight, so how about you mind your own business, Mr. Mediator?
You should word things a little nicer.
Eeeep! H-Help me, save meee!
Heh, he’s shook, he’s shook! Keep it up, Crappymori!
You fucked up! You butt in for no reason and now everyone’s pissed!
Acting beat up is my specialty, a-and I have it in for this nudist kid... eheheh!
If the bosses have to step in it’s gonna be on the guy in charge—you! Got a plan for that?
Take responsibility, exhibitionist butter dog!
Other prisoners join into the fray, and the clamor only grows.
Make sure his cock’s properly out too!
More surround me, and more insults come flying.
Now
By ripping away all pretense and baring the truth.
If this keeps up, I’m writing it right on this chick’s forehead—and that’s gonna get me a trip to solitary!
Stop this.
You think I won’t do it?!
......
I throw off my clothes.
......?!
W-What’s going... huh...?
What the fuck are you trying to...?!
I ripped off all pretense and bared my truth, like I said.
And boy, my truth is 
Whaaa—?
Words speak louder than actions, and I put my money where my mouth is.
That’s not what any of that means!
Then what does it mean?
I don’t know what fancy words like pretense mean, but at the very least it can’t mean tearin’ off your clothes!
Do you really think excuses of ignorance will work when you’re the one questioning what I’m doing?
One who asks for a definition cannot then muddy the clarity they have been given.
Are you really standing here talking nonsense with a full boner?!
Aren’t you the one speaking nonsense?
Your cock... is out, though...
Yeah, he isn’t making any sense.
Did you really start a fight on such an ignorant foundation?
You... Don’t talk down to me. You’re not even wearing clothes!
Then you strip down, too.
What sense does that make, motherfucker?! Fine!
Swayed by my provocation, the printing boss throws off his clothes.
What the hell is going on here?
We glare at each other, bare ass.
What the fuck is all this noise?
Officer Yamagishi appears.
Uh, this isn’t what it looks like!
Taking off his clothes is definitely earning a trip to solitary.
But I remain cool and speak.
We built up a lot of static electricity, so we stripped down naked as I was afraid it would cause an explosion.
Explosion?! There’s no way you could’ve built up enough to break the machines!
It happened sometimes... underground.
I worked a long time in the mines where there were many dangerous objects.
Oh, right, you’re fresh up from the mines... Then I suppose I’ll overlook this just this once, but be careful from now on! There’s nothing here that can be broken by static electricity!
Once she knows that I spent a lot of time in the mines, she understands my nakedness was unavoidable.
And as a result, it means that I also helped out the boss here.
You bitch... Was this what you were after from the beginning?
No.
After Officer Yamagishi leaves, I respond to him after he whispers in my ear.
I wanted you to listen, so I asked you in my formal wear.
I’m cold.
So you’re saying people already have you in their sights?
I give my report to the Chief and she gives me a hearty laugh.
Hahaha! I’ve been in this business a long time, and this is the first time I’ve ever heard of things getting settled by stripping down naked. You’ve got some balls on you.
I don’t really understand, but I’m glad she finds it amusing, I think to myself.
Why did you strip down? There’s gotta have been a better way to settle that sitaution.
I think it was a pretty logical method.
You have the Hatae Clan behind you now. There should’ve been a smarter way.
There’s nobody behind me. I am myself.
You didn’t think to use our name to take care of the issue?
No.
Why not?
...I’m the one doing the job. What would be the point if I just used your name?
I tell her the reason why I don’t use her name.
Although, I really only did it because making requests in your formal wear is just how things are done.
If I tell you to strip down naked here, can you do it?
I can.
I throw off my clothes.
To me, being naked is like breathing.
I see.
It’s as important as life itself.
Okay, just put your clothes back on.
I reluctantly put my clothes back on.
You’re like a cat. One minute you seem like you’re full of pride, and then the next minute you’re doing what you’re told. I can’t tell what’s going on in your head.
I do whatever’s necessary.
This is a prison. You shouldn’t be stripping down so easily just because someone told you to.
Then why did you make me strip?
However, your absolute lack of hesitation can be commended. You’re a born enforcer—steel balls, kid.
She faces the direction of the workshop and crosses her arms.
Do you remember who it was who caused the trouble today?
Prisoner Number 0541, ‘Tallyman.’ The one being picked on was 0858, ‘Crappymori,’ and numbers 0433, 0471, and 0656 were grouped around as well.
I figured I should remember them since I’ll be managing them as a mediator from now on.
Hehe... Very good. I’ll leave the printing room to you from now on. You should be fine.
It seems that I passed.
Starting the following day, working as a mediator becomes my primary duty.
It seems that you have to stay humble for this job.
Good morning, Shuichiro. Awfully cold today, huh?
Good morning, Amatsu. Looks like you’ve got some morning wood going on.
I always wake up an hour before wake-up time at five o’clock to get ready.
Haa... Mediator, you’re up... Haa... I’m so sleepy...
The sleepy prison guard opens the door for me, and I quietly leave.
Um, I’m also a mediator for the Obscenity Ward... I really hate that we’ll have to be working together, but I don’t have a choice, so...
I meet up with a fellow mediator and climb up the cold stairs with the guard.
The reason we have to wake up early today is for the morning announcement.
Good morning, folks, it’s wake-up time. Please get out of bed and line up in front of the prison bars.
There is an announcement that follows the morning wake-up siren.
I repeat, it’s wake-up time. Please get out of bed and line up in front of the prison bars.
Gooooooooood moooooorniiiiiiiing! Waaaaaaaaaake uuuuuuuuuuup! Liiiiiiiiiiiine uuuuuuuuuuuup! Sicko Squad, advance!
Between everyone involved being sleepy and a certain guard now being 
Once that’s done, we run to the cafeteria.
Have you finished with the cooking?
How about you just fucking look?! We’re always making loads of rice in the morning!
I have to check if breakfast is ready and that the tables are set.
I don’t need natto. I don’t like fermented soybeans.
Everything is fine as long as the tables are being set.
Come on, Shuichiro! Take your breakfast! I made you rice balls!
Everyone is prickly in the morning, so the meals need to be distributed without provoking anyone.
Afterwards, we leave the cafeteria to wait in the broadcast room.
Crappymori, I brought you breakfast.
Please leave it there for me... Um, is this the script?
This is because, at breakfast, there are changes in work schedules, guidance, and daily life reminders.
This is a notice from the Treatment Division. We will be exchanging sheets today. Please do not forget to submit yours.
We read these reminders while everyone is eating.
In addition, inmates whose wet dreams were not approved, or those whose loads were not sufficient will be interrogated. Please wait in front of solitary at eight o’clock tonight.
Munch, munch, munch...
Mediators in charge of the broadcast during this time need to eat as quickly as possible.
My prison work duties start right after.
Please submit any petitions you may have. Please submit—
Mr. Ex, I got this group’s petition together.
We collect these petitions that include a list of orders, certification applications, and the like.
The place is filled with drawing paper, and a plain towel gets easily lost. That’s why I want a python-patterned handkerchief. Can I buy one?
Others ask for things they lost during their prisoner work or items they need for it.
Isn’t python a dirty word?
The prison determines what can and can’t be purchased.
I think it’s just a normal design... I mean, it’s a possibility, boss! Ehehe!
Items that can be purchased are put on a list with the prisoner number and brought to General Affairs.
Good weather today.
We get a lunch break in the middle.
I don’t need natto.
We eat.
Then it’s back to our afternoon duties.
We walk around the prison to check if there are any issues.
You like traps! I like futanari!
They’re the same thing!
No, they’re different!
You shouldn’t fight.
Stepping in to mediate when there is a disagreement is part of the job.
We sometimes keep an eye on the custodians, as they can freely move about as well.
I’m glad that you’re a mediator. You’ve really been pulling yourself up by your slipper-straps.
Because there are those who steal personal items.
I didn’t know slippers had straps.
When they’re shorthanded, I also help them carry things.
During the evening break, I keep an eye out for are any prisoners who are up to no good.
Cigarettes are bad.
It’s not cigarettes that are bad, it’s the body for getting harmed by it. It’s the body’s fault for not being more understanding.
When an issue comes up, we let the guards know, but we rarely ever bother them while they’re on break unless it’s something really pressing.
Massage my shoulders.
Additionally, keeping the guards happy is an important job as well.
Yes, right there... A little more to the right... The right... Right, the one you hold your chopsticks in. Don’t tell me you can’t tell right from left?
We have to follow the orders of guards we’ve never even met before.
Is this a prison where they only serve natto?
Then we eat dinner.
Then we return to the Obscenity Ward.
Scheduling night duty is part of our job as well.
Typically it’s done in turns, but sometimes injuries and illnesses will force things to get shuffled around.
Could you take night duty today?
Aw, ow! My groin hurts! I can’t believe how much my groin hurts!
When that happens, we have to look for a replacement, but not many people want to volunteer.
It’s cold...
Okay, then... Why don’t you warm yourself with me, Shuichiro...?
So I reluctantly have to do it myself.
They’re definitely disrespecting you. Just pop ’em a good one, then they’ll fall in line.
According to the Chief, it takes time to get used to this kind of managerial work.
I had no idea there was so much work involved behind the scenes.
That’s how it is. Pretty hard work, yeah?
Whenever I have an issue with work, she always listens to me politely.
There’s a trick to standing at the top. If you want to become a producer, there are a few things you need to remember.
As I follow her from behind, I feel like I’ve become an important person as well.
Is being a leader of a yakuza clan tough?
Harder than managing the prisoners, at least, but our family’s strait-laced. We don’t deal with gigolos or drugs. I suppose it’s a little easier in that regard.
So you don’t deal drugs.
That’s our custom. We usually do gambling, protection rackets, property flipping, and brokering public works projects. There are some fronts that deal with adult streaming services.
Sometimes the Chief teaches me things about the yakuza.
The yakuza originally looked over anything entertainment. Gambling, pubs, the red light district, they’re all entertainment, right?
That’s true, but why?
’Cause that’s where folks can spare what we skim off the top. If you mess with people’s necessities, you’re gonna have a bad, short time, but with entertainment, we can make it win-win.
Life and death are both on the table in our line of work. That’s why you always need to think about how to distribute them.
If you work smart, you’ll get into trouble. If you leave it to emotion, you’ll get swept away. Balance is important in everything.
In other words, you may call them futanari, but the size of the shaft and the presence of balls is extremely important... ah.
As we are talking, we spot prisoners slacking off from working.
Okay, do a better job this time. Go on, get.
The Chief waves me on as the prisoners look at us guiltily.
The Chief is dashing, the way she’s always so upfront.
This is part of the fun. Do you understand, kid?
As she shoots me a look back over her shoulder, her back looks broad enough to carry the world.
(END)
Of course, even the Chief has her human side.
Chief, I’ve come to give my report.
I come the following day to give my usual report only to find her resting her chin in her hands.
Hey, kid, you’re here. Hold on a second.
She places a hand around her ear and tilts her neck as she adjusts herself in her seat.
There’s a tension in the air that’s making even Ozawa and her executives uneasy.
What’s wrong?
Stop walking, Shuichiro.
Just slowly back away.
......!
Why are you so worried?
Tch!
Bah!
Pitcher’s flaming out now, too. Save the flaming for the internet, jackass...
......!
The Chief has on wireless earbuds.
What’s going on?
The Chief loves baseball... She listens to the game when she has free time.
Did you start playing baseball to marry a fucking actress, or what?!
Everyone tries to give her space when she does.
If you can’t pitch against a lefty, then don’t be a fucking relief pitcher!
......
She’s far from the hardworking Chief I know.
But don’t worry, Shuichiro.
The Chief’s team has a pretty good win percentage, so things don’t get too bad.
......
Other than that, she’s a really good leader who cares about her people.
Kushimori confiscated this.
What is it?
She talks to me often, and we’ve been spending more time together.
We have engaging conversations all the time.
It’s kind of like a spool of coiled wire, but if you drop it on the stairs, it goes down them on its own.
Now, how did they manage to smuggle that in?
You’d find them in toy stores all the time.
I can’t say I’ve seen them there.
I played with bouncy balls all the time on the way home from school.
I was always picked up and dropped off in a Mercedes.
I’d do raffles at the local snack store.
I’ve never been to a snack store.
Come to think of it, how old is the Chief?
She calls me a ‘kid,’ but we seem to be about the same age.
What was popular when you were a kid?
Hmm, when I was a kid, there was this show about fighting demons with swords...
Pussy Slayer, yes. There was a movie.
Yeah, I think that’s the one.
Remember the Shlick Breathing Eighth Form, Waterfall Pussy? It was so cool!
I mean, I’ve heard of it, but I’ve never seen it before...
......
......
If Pussy Slayer was on when she was a kid, then we really are about the same age.
She’s probably just a year or two older.
I’m happy to learn more about her.
Do you have any baseball team you root for?
Not really.
......
......
Do you like fishing?
I’ve never gone before.
How about golf?
Never tried it.
So this bonsai tree I bought before...
I’ve never seen a bonsai tree before.
Did you see the big race the other day?
Big race?
......
......
I’m happy to learn more about her.
I guess you have old man hobbies.
......!
What kind of stuff do young guys like you talk about?
Huh? Where’s this coming from?
No reason, just wondering.
What for?
I was just fucking curious about it, that’s all, you motherfucker!
Chief!
The only things I know how to talk about are gambling, baseball, fishing, golf, horse racing, and bonsai...
Wait, don’t tell me you’re interested in that kid?!
I feel so inferior...
Chief...
I should’ve stayed in school...
It’s not your fault. With rival families sending thugs onto your campus, there wasn’t any way you could’ve kept going...
I still remember the face my classmate Uchiro made.
Yeah, but you showed ’em! Didn’t you make everyone involved chop off their pinkies to set things right?
Then you made that necklace of fingers you called the ‘red string of fate.’
I did...
Fuck! That was so cool!
You think?
Please leave this to me. There are magic words you can use to get close to any male classmate.
Yeah? What are they, Hidemi?!
Back when I worked at a publisher, a manga artist a colleague was in charge of said this once.
‘You’ve lost your honor.’
Can we really trust him?
So, what do I need to say?
He also told me the magic words to get close to any male classmate, which are...
Hey, kid.
Hey, Chief.
Did you read this week’s Jump?
Huh? How?
......
......
I don’t know why, but the Chief looks really dejected.
She has to deal with a lot of stress, so I’m rooting for her, I think to myself.
You have any hobbies at all?
Exposing myself.
Other than that.
She’s asking me a really difficult question, I think to myself.
I like sneakers and watches.
Watches! Oh, I’ve got a few.
I used to save up my money to buy the Christmas model.
Oh, how cute.
It cost fifteen thousand yen!
I bet it was a cool one.
What kind of watch do you have?
It was a gift from when I took over the gang.
How much did it cost?
They said fifteen million yen.
......
Wait, or was it one and a half million...?
......
I’m pretty sure it wasn’t one hundred million.
It seems like we lived in completely different worlds.
But I find myself feeling extremely displeased.
My watch is like a toy compared to yours.
Dammit, kids’re hard to handle!
I think the Chief might be rich.
Come to think of it, the yakuza make their money unscrupulously, so it’s no surprise to hear she has a good upbringing.
You grew up a princess, but your hobbies are those of an old man.
I don’t like being compared to an old man, but I guess I was influenced by my family.
The Chief picks up a random ball.
My late grandfather and dad loved baseball. No matter what was going on, they made sure to get back for the night game.
I see.
The yakuza world is a tough one. Parents outlive their children all the time. People are always backstabbing each other.
That’s why I don’t have a lot of memories as a regular family. My parents never showed up to any of my school activities.
There were never any happy family get-togethers.
No. But the one place the two of them took us as a family was the baseball field.
We all sat in the stands, watching the same game and cheering together. It made me happy.
That’s why baseball is like the glue that connected my family together.
Chief...
Hehe...
I hate all ball sports, so I don’t like talking about baseball.
......
I hate it.
......
Fucking kids
Calm down, Chief!
Did her Hawks lose again?
No, it looks like she lost to a cat this time...
Shuichiro, you better not have said anything rude to the Chief!
That night, I happen to find myself sitting with Ozawa and the Hatae Trio.
Don’t piss her off because she’s hard to handle when she loses her temper...
I wouldn’t do that.
We’re very close.
......
And I’ve gotten to know her so well.
......
I have a feeling we’re becoming best friends.
Ozawa gives me a sour expression.
I told you I don’t want natto.
There’s a chance there was something she didn’t like in her meal.
I don’t like it. Why would the Chief take this runt under her wing? Makes me want to teach you some manners.
That’s just how much the Chief cares about Exhibitiman. You should just embrace that already.
I wonder why she cares so much.
Because unlike most of us, you don’t have a crew.
That’s true, I don’t.
I mean you’re not part of a yakuza clan. Folks like that aren’t enemies, so there’s a chance they can become allies.
Talented people without any yakuza associations are a hot commodity in prison. If you can recruit them to your crew, you can expand your power.
We were all the same too. We weren’t originally with the Hatae Clan.
Really?
These folks swore their allegiance to the Chief in prison, so they’re one of the rare cases.
I learned something new.
There are different kinds of yakuza, I think to myself.
Hanada.
Call me Cousin Hanada, you little shit. You’re on the bottom of the totem pole here.
I’m not in the Hatae Clan.
Then join right now. I’ll teach you manners, our hierarchy, how to eat good food, and school studies if I have to.
That sounds great.
Hehehe. I think you’ll find your life easier if you join the Hatae Clan.
But I can’t do that.
Criminal groups are very bad.
Then I guess you’re saying everyone in front of you ain’t good, huh?
I mean, yeah.
The fuck?!
Stop it, Hanada. This is something people need to choose for themselves. Those who get forced into it won’t last long in our world.
Hanada clicks his tongue in annoyance and sits back down.
The Chief is apparently being nice to me because I’m not associated with a yakuza clan.
Does that mean she wants me to become one?
You may say that, boyo!
You’ve been picked up by the cops dozens of times now, right? You think you can live in society after you get out?
Yo! Long time no see.
It’s good to see you again.
Today is my session with Dr. Higuchi.
It’s usually the policy to have those who come out of solitary get a session right away, but I haven’t been able to schedule one until now.
Hm, your numbers seem fine. Let me take your heart rate.
Okay.
I am very happy to see the doctor again.
I heard the game development fell through.
It didn’t fall through, it’s just on standby.
Standby. Oh, this might feel a little cold. Standby, huh? So you’re in the preplanning stage?
Yes, we’re going to get back to work soon.
The doctor looks at a small monitor as she writes something down with her pen. Then she looks at me.
So you’re still planning on making the game?
Of course.
I still want to complete it. My feelings haven’t changed.
I will start again, no matter what it takes.
Because making a game is really amazing.
Oh, really?
First, you have something that you imagine in your mind. But that’s just in your head, and nobody else can see it.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Then you kind of pull that from your head and into the real world. That’s what it’s like.
Really?
Plus, it’s not just your own head, you pull it out of a lot of people’s heads.
Which is why this little vague idea you had inside you passes around to all sorts of people until it takes on a clear form.
I see.
It’s like alchemy. Something just springing forth out of nothing.
Hehe.
Puzzled by her laugh, I tilt my head to the side.
Sorry, I swear I’m not making fun. How do I say this?
It’s rare to see you talk so enthusiastically.
Was I that enthusiastic?
Yeah, it made me happy.
The doctor gives me a smile, her almond eyes squinting.
When you first got here, you were like a stray cat who didn’t trust anyone.
I don’t think I was.
Really? That’s what it seemed like to me. That’s why I feel like you met someone who must have changed you somehow.
Although, maybe this is more your true self.
My true self.
I never thought such a thing existed.
I have always been who I am.
However, if Dr. Higuchi says so, maybe it’s true.
Even if I get out, there’s a chance that I can live a normal life if I stay involved with game-making.
Anyway, setting that all aside, I hear you’re involved in something seedy again.
What?
Like you’re hanging around some bad seed.
Bad seed, in other words, yakuza.
Yes, I’m hanging around some bad seed.
How honest! Then maybe it’ll be hard for you to turn out like them. Haha.
The doctor laughs as she sticks her hand inside her lab coat.
I’m in no position to say anything, but if that’s what you want to do, then you should do it.
What’s important for you right now is to learn the world is a big place full of different things.
Oh, but if it’s something really bad, I’m going to scold you. I’m an adult after all.
Okay.
Good answer! Now, which hand is the candy in?
I get it right again and get an orange candy.
I turn to leave the medical ward with my reward in my mouth.
When you interact with the world, the world will also learn about you.
While jotting down some final notes, Dr. Higuchi speaks as if she’s talking to herself.
You never know what kind of bad people might take an interest in you... Just be careful, and watch out for that.
(END)
