It’s been over a week since I became a mediator.
I’ve gotten quite used to the work by now.
At the same time, I’m slowly learning about the yakuza way.
Mr. Ex! Wazzappenin!
When I show up, all the lower-tier members always greet me with a deep bow.
Hello.
G’daseeasucka’noff, Mr. Ex!
......
And it appears the yakuza have their own original greetings.
Hey, kid, you’re finally here.
Wazzappenin!
......
G’daseeasucka’noff!
Speak more clearly.
......
Yakuza are difficult, I think to myself.
What are you reading?
I look down at the books the Chief and the Hatae Trio each have in their hands.
Manga. I had some free time on my hands before you showed up. It’s nice once in a while.
I didn’t know you could borrow manga in prison.
Of course you can’t—but the stuff’s hidden all over this room. A former mediator smuggled some in.
They’re really interesting. You can really admire the artistry it takes to create each panel as a fellow artist.
You never read any on the outside?
Not much. My old man loved yakuza manga, but never let me read any for myself.
He always made me read kid-friendly stuff, so I always thought the lot of it sucked.
I’m sure he only meant the best for you. Perhaps, wanting you to go down a different path.
I know that. Although, he still made me do some crazy shit. Now that I think about it, he wanted to talk about manga with me.
The Chief’s smile as she talks about her late father looks both happy and sad.
Anyway. You can read some too if you want. It’s your special perk for being a mediator.
A special perk!
I like the sound of that.
Hehehe, how about it? If you’d like, I can give you my recommendations. My Shimonuma Selection, if you will.
Shimonuma Selection?
I wouldn’t if I were you. Listen, kid. Hidemi loves weird manga that get canceled.
I’m an avid reader. It’s not that I like canceled series; it’s that my favorite series get canceled. I am always in the pursuit of true masterpieces.
Yeah, but they all turn out to be weird!
Anyway, you want the Hanada Selection! If you want to learn how to be a better man, you should read these hot-blooded manga to touch your soul!
Oh, please! I’ve read some of your Hanada Selection, but they’re all about trying to take over the world with some card game!
What’s so fucking wrong with that?! It’s a microcosm of life!
You should read the Umezu Selection! You don’t want those complicated stories, you want stories that make you laugh!
The Umezu Selection? Hehehe, the word ‘dookie’ occurs a little too frequently for my taste.
What the fuck is wrong with dookie?! There’s nobody in the world, young or old, who doesn’t laugh at a good shit joke!
You’d better not shit on my favorite series, or I’ll go hell grandma on your ass!
You’d better watch your mouth!
The Hatae Trio begin to argue.
Stop, Hidemi!
These three feared all over the prison are seriously arguing over manga, but they look to be having fun.
Dookie!
I haven’t read a lot of manga, but apparently, they can get you this heated.
I’ll break your balls with a marble!
Maybe I should read something.
So, what’ll it be? Whose recommendations are you gonna read?
The Trio look at me with an intense stare.
The pressure is mounting.
I want to read your recommendations, Chief.
The Trio really can’t argue against me with my answer.
Our fight has just begun.
Shimonuma knows the right words to settle things down.
Dookie.
But Umezu knows the perfect punchline.
There’s something I learned from the Chief teaching me my job:
Her temperament.
What is it, Crappymori?
Well, this one got in an argument with Wonder Homan and Superminge.
Sorry, I say it how it is! I keep things real!
What’d she say?
‘You’re not living up to your nicknames.’
That’s mean.
I keep it real!
Eep...!
Real!
Shall I keep it real as well?
Don’t. You don’t want to ruin your reputation with the female prisoners, that’ll compromise your position.
Listen to me. Whether you’re wearing tights or not, everyone here is equally a criminal. What were you wearing when you were committing crimes?
The Chief always works hard to keep arguments from growing.
She doesn’t lord her yakuza background over anyone, nor does she try to settle things with violence.
Dolce & Gabbana...
She always strives to settle things by talking it out.
You weren’t wearing what you’re nicknamed after either, but nobody laughed at you for it. Don’t forget that.
She is willing to put in the effort to achieve a peaceful settlement and answer any calls.
Thank you very much! To be honest, I had no idea what everyone was so angry about! They’re all little shits anyway!
Which is why if there are any problems, a segment of the prisoners all come to the Chief.
Her amicable personality also earns her the trust of the guards.
How dare you have a dance-off... in front of a guard!
What’s wrong?
Someone who loves porn where they dance while they fuck and someone who loves regular porn got in an argument, and they ended up having a dance battle. Dancing is a microcosm of life.
Ngh... There’s no rule that says the prisoners can’t have dance-offs...!
Chief...
Good grief. I’ll go, you guys hold down the fort here.
I thought a gang boss would be more short-tempered.
You get the image that the yakuza are always angry.
Those are thugs. My job’s more like a company president—how could I get any work done if I were busy getting pissed off all the time?
But you get mad over baseball.
Even I’ve got my limits.
The Chief walks very briskly.
It’s cold today... I hope the sun comes out tomorrow.
Her imposing figure looks free, unbound, and ultimately gallant.
......
I wonder how she ended up in prison.
What were you arrested for?
What’s with the sudden question?
I was just thinking that I can’t imagine you getting arrested.
Yakuza can get arrested for nothing. Have you heard of the Anti-Organized Crime Act...? Oh, I guess you wouldn’t have.
Organized crime wouldn’t be a thing if it were that easy to arrest the leadership.
What crime was she charged with?
There must be a reason.
Hmm...
A prisoner appears before us.
She’s a thin woman around twenty.
......
She’s muttering something.
What’re you doing here? Evening break is over. You should head to the cafeteria before a CO pinches you.
......!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
It all happens in an instant.
Get back, Chief!
She charges towards us swinging something.
Move, you moron!
I jump in front of the Chief, but she yanks me by the neck to pull me back.
Ngh! Hah!|Ngh!
A roundhouse kick meets the attacker’s head.
She spews up bile as she gets knocked back several meters.
Something falls to the ground.
It’s a large piece of glass.
Chief! What’s going on?!
The Hatae Trio and Ozawa run in.
Were they trying to kill you?!
You fucking garbage!
Settle down! Go get a guard already... and the one in charge of her work.
Two guards arrive before too long.
D-Damn, that glass looks sharp... How’d she get that thing in here?
One is a guard who came after hearing the commotion.
This prisoner works in the leather workshop.
And the other is a guard in charge of the female prisoners’ work area.
So there’s no mistake the weapon came from the leather workshop?
Yes... A window broke in an accident a few days ago... She must have taken it then...
Thong—nicknamed that because she looks like she wears one—twists her face uncomfortably.
At this rate, she’s going to have to take responsibility for this.
...It sounds to me like this is you mediators’ fault for letting her wander around with a weapon.
Which is why she is trying to force the blame on us.
That seems irrational. It’s the guards’ responsibility to ensure the prisoners’ safety, and to push that on us...
If it’s a dispute between prisoners, we don’t get involved unless it’s necessary. Therefore, this case is closed.
What the fuck! She tried to kill our boss!
Well, it was her own fault. Or maybe this was a ploy to complain about the guards?
Hey, Yoshikawa, that’s a bit of a stretch...
You got some balls, bitch!
Shut up! Just hand over that glass already! Or else you’re getting sent to solitary!
What is all this commotion about?
A distinctive staccato of metal echoes through the area.
Tch, not this pain in the ass...
I turn around.
Well, well... What is a whole gaggle of mediators doing here?
It’s a long-haired woman.
She is holding a thin cane, her chin raised to look down on us.
I see... Natsumi, restrain that woman.
Copy that.
A large SST guard restrains the passed-out female prisoner.
This woman seems to have grasped the situation immediately.
......
It’s Captain Hazuki Yugao, the woman who ordered me to massage her shoulders before.
She is an extremely arrogant person.
She’s not arrogant, she’s important! She’s deputy warden of the Serious Offenses Ward, and the number two in the whole prison!
Please, I’m begging you, whatever you do, don’t piss off Captain Yugao!
She leaves a very cold impression.
She’s seriously dangerous!
I don’t know if it’s her eyes, her outrageous outfit, or the sound of the cane.
She applies pressure to the whole room.
Captain Yugao! These prisoners were fighting and almost caused a serious injury!
Hmm?
I thought she was going to throw us in solitary for fighting.
No idiot would try to fight a yakuza empty-handed. She had a weapon, didn’t she?
Huh?
She aims her glare at the guard in charge.
And it was stolen right under your nose, wasn’t it?
Um, Captain Yugao, that’s not entirely the case...
Are you saying that I’m mistaken?
The guard in charge wavers as Captain Yugao puts the screws to her.
You’ve really done it this time. If someone got hurt, there’d be more than just an incident report to fill out.
Everything Yugao is assuming is true.
Her powers of perception must be considerable.
You are an embarrassment. How long have you been a guard? If you think you could fool me with those terrible lies, then you’ve got a thing or two to learn.
Her reprimanding tone is quite harsh.
Ah, ngh...
It’s as if she truly feels the other person is garbage.
Now, submit the weapon already. I’ll think of your punishment afterwards.
She reaches out with the hand that’s not holding the cane.
I give it some thought.
What weapon? There was no weapon.
What...?
I told you to stay out of it, Shuichiro!
My thinking came to a quick conclusion.
She just came rushing at us. I think she was trying to punch me.
She probably didn’t like that I was new. I’ve been subjected to many such pranks this past week.
If the guard in charge gets punished, there is no benefit to us.
What’s important is to make clear why this happened.
You’re... oh, the new butter dog...
Captain Yugao gives me a sarcastic little smile.
Looks like you got yourself a clever dog, huh?
......
But you’d better not overstep, now, |Chief|. This is a prison; there aren’t many people who’ll stand up for you. There’s a chance...
...someone might actually stab you in the back. Now, you’ll have to excuse me.
The Chief simply takes it, her eyes remaining closed.
Captain Yugao heads out with the SST forces, returning to the guards’ dorm.
Why did you protect me? If you hadn’t said anything, I would’ve been punished.
Don’t get the wrong idea. What good would it’ve done us for you to get punished? But you |do| owe us one.
It seems that the Chief gets what I was going for.
Why did that girl attack us? Once you figure out her motive, come tell us right away. Do us a solid... okay, officer?
She says that in a low, reverberating voice to seal the deal.
We head over to the medical ward afterwards to receive treatment.
We aren’t hurt at all, but we were told to get an examination just in case.
It could be the guard in charge’s way to make it up to us.
Was that all right?
Absolutely great play, kid.
Once we’re alone, the Chief praises me right away.
If Yugao took care of everything there, we would’ve lost our way to find out the truth.
In that case, better we make the prison guard in charge owe us a favor to extract some information. You did well, kid.
I like being praised, so I’m very happy.
But that fucker really fucking did it this time.
She dusts herself off as she swears to herself.
Does this kind of thing happen often?
It can’t be helped. Us mediators get the run of the place, but we get a fair bit of hate back from the other prisoners. Call it a fame tax.
It seems there are many taxes in prison.
Was I in the way?
In the way...? Well, you don’t know any martial arts, so you were about to get yourself stabbed.
I did try to protect you.
That did take some balls. Most folks can’t put themselves between other people and trouble like that. You’ve got some real guts, kid.
The Chief adds a but.
You’re not in the Hatae Clan, so you’ve got no obligation to protect me.
You just take care of yourself, got it, kid?
I can’t do that.
I refuse.
Because you draw art for me.
I think it’s only natural to protect such an important illustrator.
That’s why I was able to move so quickly.
If something similar ever happens again, I’m sure I’d do the same.
It’s what’s necessary to create my game.
Where does that fucking passion come from? Heh.
The Chief laughs pleasantly at the folly of youth, even though I know we’re about the same age.
First learn some self-defense, |then| you can talk. You’ve got an older sister too, don’t you?
True, I don’t want to make her sad.
Good. Besides, I’m used to this kind of shit. I’m the daughter of a yakuza boss, I’ve been practicing not gettin’ kidnapped since I was a kid.
I had no idea you had such experience.
Of course, I beat the shit out of every last one of them, then took their pinkies and their parents’ too.
Wow!
It’s a story straight out of a manga.
But there’s some kind of power the Chief has that makes me believe she would really do it.
Today’s the same way... The Hatae clan’s got a rep to hold up, so we can’t just take this lying down.
I see something dark glowing in her eyes.
They need to learn what happens when you fuck with the yakuza.
I feel a shiver go down my spine.
Maybe this is “killing intent”—again, straight out of a manga.
I think retaliation is in order.
Oh, that’s surprising to hear you say.
But won’t that extend your sentence?
I would compare my options and go with the one with the most benefit.
However, the yakuza life isn’t so easy.
When you’re in the yakuza, you live by a code.
I would bring shame to my name if I was more worried about extending my sentence.
The Chief puts on her jacket and stands up to leave.
Besides, kid, didn’t you know?
A yakuza always does her time.
Then she gallantly leaves.
Words escape my lips.
She’s so cool...
It was wholly involuntary.
That sure was some shit, Chief! I made sure to get that guard to swear to bring us any information she learns!
Good. Thanks for the follow-through.
Please, it’s our pleasure! I hate to give him props, but the MVP has to go to Mr. Ex... What we did wasn’t anything compared to that.
I was surprised by his quickness. He identified the best move and executed it right away. Hehe. Was it just recklessness or something else?
He’s also a fast learner! That boy’s fucking sharp! He may be weak like a girl, but he’s got something to him!
You taught him well!
Hm? Yeah...
Anyway, we need to go after the ones who tried to kill you. There’s a chance a big name is behind it.
Is there a chance ‘H’ is involved?!
It’s definitely a possibility. It’s our job to make that clear.
Also, we’ve gotta get the naked kid to join our family. He ain’t cut out for civvy life—he’s an outcast like us.
We’ve gotta show him the way of the underworld before some real evil motherfuckers do it instead.
Then we can take care of everything, right, Chief! Chief?
Yeah... Right.
......
(END)
And so I continue working as a mediator.
Yo, Ex-man, how’s it going? Look at this fresh meat that just came in. Shiny and new... like sexy glossy paper!
Shiny like gold leaf, it’s so fucking beautiful...
They say all you need is time. People didn’t give me the time of day at first, but now they all talk to me.
We lost some shogi pieces from the set in the recreation room. I want them put back before things get out of hand.
I’m starting to understand how to conduct myself in a prison full of strong personalities.
I understand that you’re the culprit. That’s because you have a nickname stemming from how you got men to surround and protect you.
I’ve picked up a few tricks on how to control such particular prisoners.
So put back the pieces you shoved up your genitals, and nothing bad will happen to you.
......!
What’s that name supposed to mean, anyway?
Apparently, giving a carrot is just as important as the stick.
It’s a shogi reference. The move is sort of like a castle, in chess.
So long as you play along with the game, things naturally work out.
That new Hatae mediator... Maybe he’s more than just a butter dog...?
I feel the prisoners are finally accepting me as a mediator.
Exhibitiman? He’s strong. He’s great at negotiating, mediating, and DJing.
The Chief is the one who taught me everything.
So, street thug days behind you and finally bought some land, huh? Hm. One point two billion. All right, what are you building there?
The Chief is giving out orders to the family from inside prison.
Three years? Four hundred million a year? No, I don’t mean more. One billion, and not a yen more.
Normally it’s not allowed, but even the guards don’t dare cross Taeka Hatae.
What’s their name? Birthday is March ninth? Change whoever’s in charge. I don’t like it.
Seeing her move such money on a whim makes me appreciate that she’s someone from the underworld.
I have become more interested in the kind of bad things the Chief is involved in.
Don’t. There are some things you should stay out of.
But Ozawa tries to curb my curiosity.
You forget because we’re so nice, but you don’t want to stir up shit with yakuza.
I see.
They’ll drag you out somewhere secluded and beat the shit out of you or fucking waterboard you.
That’s scary.
And the Chief ain’t your regular yakuza. She’s the head of the Japanese Chivalrous Union Kyushu Branch.
Is that impressive?
You dumbass! It ain’t just |impressive|! You got any idea how dangerous it is to stand at the top of all the thugs in Kyushu?
Is it really that dangerous?
Even when she was trying to get the Kyushu branch together, it almost came to an all-out war, but she went around and convinced everyone to get on board.
So yakuza don’t always make decisions with violence.
Obviously. You do that, and the Sakuradamon Clan will have something to say.
Sakuradamon Clan?
The State Yakuza. The cops.
Ah.
If you try to settle everything with violence, you’re gonna upset the civvies. You do that, and they’re gonna come down harder on the yakuza.
Whenever new anti-gang laws get put on the books, it means something happened to warrant them. The Chief knows that better than anyone, which is why she didn’t start a needless war.
That’s why she was negotiating with the other families.
Exactly. It’s just that there’s a stupid family that revoked their allegiance. It ruined the Chief’s reputation.
What happened?
Well, she couldn’t just sit idly by. Those dirty fucking bastards pulled their pieces out and started attacking.
But we’re talking about our boss. She kicked every one of their asses!
How cool.
After that, the Chief went to that family’s head office by herself... and brought the whole fucking building down with a rocket launcher.
Wow.
Although, that contradicts her wanting to avoid violence.
I decide to take the opportunity to talk to the other members as well.
The Japanese Chivalrous Union? You can’t really do business as a yakuza unless you’re a part of it.
And the Hatae Clan is in charge of the Kyushu Branch. The Chief is standing at the top, and at her age! She’s the best of the best.
Best of the best?
Remember how I mentioned the ban on philanderers? Well, one day, we had a young gun out collecting a debt when he decided to drown the target’s girl in the bath.
The bath?
Then the Chief went to this young gun’s house on her own and brought the whole building down with a rocket launcher.
Wow.
It’s wrong to drown people in baths, I think to myself.
Things never change, but there are folks in the branch who don’t think that highly of the Chief! Old-fashioned idiots who don’t like a young woman at the top!
Well, they used fake excommunications to drop out of the union on the surface! Then they’d attack the Hatae Clan members!
Was the Chief ever attacked?
Apparently, she was! It was actually while she was getting her hair cut! Isn’t that so dirty?!
While an ambush is a rather logical tactic, this isn’t the yakuza way as I’ve come to understand it.
So, what did she do?
Well, her bodyguards took them all out! Chief just stayed cool and got her hair cut!
That’s so cool...!
Then the Chief followed one of them and blew up the car they were in with a rocket launcher.
Wow.
I think to myself that the Chief carries around a rocket launcher even when she goes to get her hair cut.
One day, some crazy streamer moved into the place kittycorner to the Chief’s. I mean, maybe all streamers are crazy, but this one was on a different level.
They’d be screaming all throughout the day and never listened to any complaints. They were a huge nuisance to the entire neighborhood.
So then the Chief went to that person’s house by herself and blew the building up with a rocket launcher.
That seems excessive.
Everything always ends with a rocket launcher, which makes me think this could be some kind of Hatae Clan joke.
However.
I took the story Ozawa told me at the beginning to be actually true.
They’ll drag you out somewhere secluded and beat the shit out of you or fucking waterboard you.
......
Then the Chief asked for me.
She told me she was inviting me somewhere special, so to come on my break.
I think to myself that I’m not going to make it home alive.
Yo, Exhibitiman, where you off to?
To get waterboarded.
......
I arrive near the site thinking that I’m probably going to get beat up.
It’s a completely ordinary-looking field.
I would never have found the metal fixture if I hadn’t been told what to look beforehand.
......
It’s almost a joke how beautiful the place is.
Completely different from the cold, weed-filled gray of the prison.
It has been properly cared for, with vibrant flowers blooming.
It’s like I’ve stepped inside a Japanese garden.
You’re here.
The Chief is sitting on the edge of a flower bed, her legs crossed and reading a book.
This is like my own personal hideout. You can’t make it in here unless you go through those bushes. Almost nobody knows of this secret garden, not even the guards.
I had no idea this place even existed, I think to myself.
What were you reading?
Jump.
She puts down the magazine and slowly stands up.
You’re going to punch me, aren’t you?
Huh?
Oh, so you’re going to waterboard me.
Oh, good. This will go much smoother now that you know what’s up. Now, get ready.
......
......
I get down to my formal wear and wait for what’s coming to me.
When you are by my side, people are going to try to kill you like before. Unfortunately, you don’t have what it takes yet.
Which is why I’m going to give you karate lessons in my free time.
She wants me to learn martial arts so I can defend myself.
It seems like I’m not going to get tortured after all.
Got it?
Yeah.
Then put your clothes on. Why did you take them off?
If I want to continue to work as a mediator, I’m going to need to learn how to attack as well.
Martial arts make people strong. I want you to put in the effort to be a bigger man.
I figure I shouldn’t have trouble picking this up, since it’s probably not real karate.
This is called Kazan Shingan Style. It comes from the Tokyo HQ of the union the Hatae Clan is a part of.
They pass it down through the Kazanin family, and it’s not strictly based on karate. I don’t know all the details, but I think it pulls a lot from some Chinese fist style, too—|fanzi| or something.
I got sent out to train with them when I was a kid. There was a good-natured girl who took care of me.
Apparently, even the Chief used to be a kid.
Is that why you talk the way you do?
What do you mean?
When you get riled up, you yell like you’re from Tokyo.
I guess you were raised there, weren’t you?
Yeah, I don’t really have much of my local accent. I guess I spent too much time as a kid in Tokyo.
I think the way you talk is cool.
Yeah? Well, this shit’s way cooler, so it’d do you good to learn it.
She takes off her jacket and squats down, bringing her right fist up to her waist.
Kazan style focuses on thrust attacks. Sei!
Like this?
Hey, not bad! Try putting your hips into it!
Unf! Unf! Unf!
Let me hear you!
Unfh! Unfh! Uuunfh!
......
How was it?
Not bad, you’ve got a knack for this.
Apparently, I’ve got a knack for this.
I might be able to master this, I think to myself.
Now, this is important. The key to Kazan Shingan Style is the breathing.
The breathing?
Hold in your breath, then let it |explode| out. Not the most modern theory, but that’s the basic idea.
I’m good at anything with ‘ex’ in its name.
I’m |ex|tremely good at it.
That’s why new students usually start off with building their lung capacity. If you can’t keep breathing, you can’t hit for shit.
I feel nothing but confidence.
That right... How about you take a look at the pond then.
For fish?
Oraaaaaaaah!
Glub, glub, glub, glub!
They did that to me every day.
......
......
Torture?
Training.
Apparently, it’s training.
It’s not exactly waterboarding, but either way, I’m getting drowned.
You endured all this?
In the end, I was able to blow up five balloons layered over each other until they popped within ten seconds.
What color belt do you get for that?
That girl I mentioned before could pulverize a huge porcelain vase with just her breath.
......
Sounds like a monster, I think to myself.
Did she slay a lot of demons?
She beat the shit out of a guy with a crying demon tattoo on his back.
......
In the end, the demon was laughing.
Inhuman.
Shut yer trap. Show her some respect or I’ll blow your ass to pieces.
I’m sorry, please don’t hurt me!
......
Anything but the rocket launcher...
......
My confidence disappears like it was never there.
I might not be able to do this...
Huh? What happened? You seemed all fucking gung-ho a second ago.
I remembered that I... am not athletic.
Well, that’s a little pathetic.
But I always got low grades in gym...
That doesn’t really matter.
I would always get picked last for sports.
Even for a fun class activity?
My classmates didn’t talk to me for a whole week...
......
Goddamn, fine... Okay... I’ve got it.
I’m not going to be able to do any of that.
I’m more suited for peaceful activities.
Hey, kid, you want an ultimate move?
An ultimate move...?
A move where you can take out an enemy with a single attack. If you learn the Kazan Shingan Style, you’ll be able to do shit like that.
......
......
I do!
Oh, good.
I’ve always wanted an ultimate move!
Then let’s try some training.
All right, let’s do it!
Kids’ll always be goddamn kids...
There’s no person on Earth who wouldn’t want to learn an ultimate move.
I feel all my motivation resurge.
You’ll need lung capacity to start with. Balloons would be perfect, but good luck getting those in prison.
Which is why we’ll use these instead.
What’s that?
Condoms.
......
......
I see.
Caught a first-classer hiding a bunch of ’em, so I peacefully negotiated myself a few. Talk about perfect timing.
I never imagined I’d be looking at my first condoms today.
Here, kid.
Nor did I think I would be handed one by a member of the opposite sex.
I press my lips to the opening and start blowing up a condom.
It inflates more readily than I expected.
Each time I exhale, it grows longer like a cucumber.
......!
But it doesn’t pop at all.
Heh. Who knew condoms could be so stretchy?
......
They say some can take four to five liters of air.
......
At that point, they’re like ninety centimeters.
......
About the same size as a small capybara.
......
By the way, it seems the condom was named after the doctor who invented them.
......
There are even some records that show that they used animal intestines around five thousand years ago.
You seem to know a lot about rubbers...
Yeah? Well, it never hurts to know things, so I studied up on it before.
......?
I mean, when the time comes, you’ll need to be able to put one on without panicking.
......!
The condom swells further. So does something else.
But the condom still doesn’t pop.
You’re never going to get anywhere unless you learn to break that with one breath! Now give it everything you fucking got!
Okay!
All right, then do some forward thrusts while you inflate that! Try to focus on exhaling when you thrust!
Yes, ma’am!
Don’t you fucking go easy, you piece of shit! Put your back into it, pussy!
Unf! Unf! Unf!
A man doesn’t fucking go back on his word. You said you’d do it, so |do it|!
Unf! Unf! Unf!
The Chief passionately teaches me.
She’s a very good teacher, I think to myself.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
......
* Pictured: The face she makes when she thinks, “He sounds like a really vocal male porn actor.”
Sei! Sei! Sei!
......
* Pictured: The face she makes when she thinks, “Yeah, that’s really not helping.”
How’s that?!
Yeah, not bad for your first go.
I’ll train here whenever I have free time, I decide.
I want to work hard for the Chief, since she’s making such an earnest effort to teach me.
Okay, well, keep training until you can pop ten condoms. I’ll be doing some work over here.
Are you painting on a canvas?
It’s called an easel. It’s easier to handle than a drawing board.
The Chief pulls out something that looks like a tripod and a set of oil paints.
She has some free time, so she decides to paint a poster for the prison newsletter.
You used watercolors the last time I saw.
This is my real medium. I used to take lessons as a kid.
I don’t want to bother waiting for the liquid white to dry, so I’ll just start painting.
She applies a thin coat of white paint on the canvas, making X shapes with her brush.
I’ll mix yellow with white for my base. Start little.
She begins to apply yellow from the top-left corner, expanding out until it is the color of the sun.
You can be rough with it. Just move the brush around with a mix of blue and titanium white... and it starts looking like the sky.
As she throws on the blue and white paint, she instantly creates a sky.
And then just adding a little white by dabbing the brush down for volume gives you clouds.
At first, it looks like white garbage, but as she brushes more and more, clouds begin to form.
Then just apply liquid clear to create a primer layer before extending the blue...
As she paints blue down the canvas...
See, easy, right?
......
She really did just make a background of the sky and ocean so easily.
Hmm, that turned out pretty good, but not as good as my teacher. Apparently, my teacher got taught by someone who learned from this famous happy painter with an afro.
It is a beautiful scenery of the sky and ocean you couldn’t see from here.
You could almost dive in and start swimming.
How’s it going on your end?
Hah...! Hah...!
If I blow hard enough, the condom does inflate.
However, I can’t bring it to pop with just one breath.
Hah... Hah...
I let it leave my lips as I catch my breath.
It may look dumb, but this training really works my lungs to their full capacity.
Why is... lung capacity so important?
You got any idea?
......
No... I’ve lost too much oxygen to think.
As I answer honestly, the Chief smiles.
Correct. You knew the answer.
......?
I just answered I didn’t know. That’s the correct answer?
I repeat what I said to myself:
When you don’t have enough lung capacity, the lack of oxygen makes it harder to think.
Exactly. Let me see that.
I hand her the shriveled condom.
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh...
The Chief takes a deep breath and puts the condom to her lips.
Fuh!
The condom inflates instantly and then pops into a million pieces.
Wow.
Now, ask me any question.
Where do prisoners kiss?
They start with the clothes. Prisoners |always| respect the pecking order.
Wow.
You’ll never get even a peck, though, ’cause you don’t wear clothes.
But you kissed me indirectly, just now. You put your mouth where mine was.
Huh? Oh, right... I did.
The Chief’s eyes widen like she hadn’t even considered it. She traces her index finger over her lips.
It’s so unusual to see her like this, I catch myself staring.
A-Anyway. Now you understand, right? If you don’t have steady breathing, you can’t think straight.
That’s why we work on our lung capacity.
This way, you won’t get winded so easily. You won’t have time to catch your breath in an emergency.
And that’s when sharp decision-making is most important. Got it?
Yeah.
The Chief’s logic makes sense.
The objective of the training and the reason behind it is all logical.
And I get to learn an ultimate move on top of that. I find myself becoming increasingly motivated.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
I take the next condom and resume my training right away.
I see. You’re the type that does better when you understand the why.
The Chief speaks with a satisfied look on her face as she watches me and smiles.
She sits back down in front of the easel.
What about you?
Keep training. What’s up?
Why are you the Chief?
It’s hard to imagine someone who paints so joyously to yell and punch people.
I’m not the Chief externally. I guess you call it a regency? I give orders from behind the scenes.
The Emperor Emeritus.
Something like that.
Why are you not really the Chief?
Because some people will underestimate and disrespect a family with a woman as young as me in charge. It makes some of our work difficult.
But it’s like an open secret. The real yakuza know to be scared of me. Isn’t that ironic?
The Chief smiles and begins moving her brush around.
What were you arrested for?
She suddenly stops.
She quietly turns to me and smiles again.
It was a frame-up. I was arrested for something I didn’t do.
(END)
While being a mediator is hectic, there are perks as well.
How about that tempura today? Squid, eggplant, and mushrooms with grated daikon radish.
Yum.
We’re able to eat a little food at breakfast, lunch, and dinner under the guise of a food inspection.
Wow, what a huge bath.
What are you, some country slackjaw that calls the red-light district a festival?
I sometimes just have to patrol some places I’ve never been before without doing anything too hectic.
Unfh! Unfh! Unfh!
I’m starting to get used to the grunting...
While I have to wake up early, my lunch breaks are a little longer.
But what makes me most happy is being able to take a bath.
Ahhhhh...
Bathing is done by work units, so all the mediators go together.
Plus, we’re able to bathe every day like the coal miners and cafeteria workers.
Regular inmates only get to bathe once every few days.
I’m glad I became a mediator.
This is all planned by the prison officials, Mr. Ex. Giving a select subset of the prisoners more slack actually tightens their overall control.
The prisoners all want those perks, so they play nice and suck up to the guards.
I see.
Even the worst troublemakers will behave if they think they’ll get something in return.
That’s why the guards have provided special status to mediators and model prisoners to control the prison.
After all, if all of the inmates were to grow disgruntled by their treatment and start a facility-wide riot... the guards would have their hands full.
The prisoners do outnumber the guards.
Yes. That’s why the guards have to watch how they treat the most respected prisoners, and in some cases, we can even get some of them on our side.
Come to think of it, the guards tend to give a lot of leeway to the Chief.
The Chief sure is impressive.
There is a signal in the bath, and when it turns red, you have to get out.
That’s how it works in Tulip Prison.
That’s why the prisoners all stare at the light with hatred.
Phew...
It’s nice to be able to enjoy a bath without that added pressure.
Then we get out of the bath and take our break.
I’m walking with Ozawa and the Hatae Trio.
Why the fuck are you following us?
You’re off to catch the guy, right? I’m coming with you.
If the one who attacked the Chief is inside the prison, the Hatae Clan can’t just let them roam free.
I was waiting for them to go look for the culprit to defend the family’s honor.
Please allow me to come with you.
I don’t think so! This is a family matter. Outsiders can go back to bed and read a book from my selection!
Then I’ll call you Cousin from now on.
Hehe, that is an admirable attempt, but calling us that won’t make you a member.
You, I’m still just calling Ozawa, though.
Fuck you.
What do we do? Chief said to keep him—
Apparently, they haven’t ascertained the identity of the attacker yet.
She didn’t tell us to stop him if he wants to follow us on his own. If something happens to him, I’ll take the fall for it.
It’s their job to investigate.
Are attacks like that common?
It’s not unheard of, as we mediators do catch a lot of hate. But they’re mostly carried out by unconnected loners.
Prisoner number 0221, A.K.A. ‘Soft-Boiled,’ is a prisoner in the Sex Crimes Ward. She’s typically well-behaved and has a fairly good reputation among the guards.
So we got no leads. I guess the best thing to do is just put in the leg work.
In other words, we’re going to go around and question people.
I thrust my fist forward.
We’re definitely going to find the one who went after the Chief.
And so we go out and start questioning all sorts of people.
This kind of investigation is made for mediators.
Soft-Boiled? Oh, that gloomy motherfucker. Can’t say I’ve heard much...
We’re able to ask around as we do our patrols.
Yeah, I guess it’s true that I was admitted at the same time as 0221.
But there are some inmates that don’t like that.
Can you tell me about her?
I got nothin’ to say to some prick who shows up and starts sniffing around. |Hate| that type, if you catch my drift.
People don’t like it when we use our position to pry.
Uncooperative prisoners like this one who hurl insults around are not uncommon.
If you’re not gonna drop this... I could introduce you to these.
Oh, you’re confident that you can fight?
But I don’t back down.
I do karate.
Knowing that I can take this guy down if it comes down to it, I have nothing to fear.
You wanna go?
......!
This must be what the Chief must have meant when she said that martial arts make people strong, I think to myself.
Here are the things we need to investigate.
One, what kind of prisoner is she? Two, how did she get the weapon? Three, how are her connections?
If we can find these out, we’ll be able to find out the truth.
Back when I was a butler, the young lady of the house asked me to call her the lady of truth if she ever became a detective. Hehe...
One, what kind of prisoner is she?
Questioning hasn’t yielded any results.
She doesn’t seem to have that many friends.
Oh! Then why did the workshop window break?
Oh... Someone threw a rock from outside the other day...
So we decide to find out more about the weapon.
The weapon definitely originated from this workshop.
I wonder who could’ve done that. You didn’t find out?
Sorry for not having the answers...
What are you talking about! You’ve been plenty helpful! Plus, I know how to keep what you told me between just the two of us! Hahaha!
Umezu is the most likable of the Trio.
She does look more like your favorite aunt than a gangster, making her important when interacting with the non-yakuza members of society.
However, nobody is able to tell her why the window broke.
It’s hard to think it was just a coincidence. Someone did it on purpose.
The easiest thing is to assume Soft-Boiled did it, but that’s not necessarily the case.
Hey, Exhibitiman’s here, from the Hatae gang... Isn’t that the Chief’s new favorite toy...?
Yeah... apparently she’s taken a shine to him because he can finger you a thousand times a second. They say he can finger you a thousand times a second, after all... That must be why.
He’s not Exhibitiman anymore, he’s Millennial Fingerman... What a chad. Fingering is like a microcosm of life.
What does ‘chad’ mean?
Don’t worry about it. Probably just something you say.
Chad!
You are so gullible.
Gathering information turns out to be very difficult.
Make sure you look at them. Sometimes you rub people the wrong way without even realizing it.
I see.
Hold up, naked karate bastard!
I suddenly notice that I’m surrounded by several prisoners.
Seems like you talked some smack to the Okinawa Clan before.
I don’t know if you’re with the yakuza or whatever, but you got some balls to treat us like that.
Is the Okinawa Clan big?
They’re not a clan like us! They’re just a gang in here.
In other words, they’re just a bunch of criminals who all come from Okinawa.
You do something?
If I had to say, I got stronger.
All the members of the Okinawa Clan are tan and muscular.
They’re all in a low stance, ready to pounce at any moment.
Bring it on, I’ll use karate.
Karate’s originally from Okinawa, you dumbass!
Hold on, I don’t do violence.
As I get into my stance, I also feel like I don’t have a chance to win.
Still, I figure I can take out at least one of them.
Yo, let me in on this fight!
That’s when the interloper shows up.
Hanada starts swinging.
Ow!
He’s strong.
Ow!
Hanada was almost the Japanese boxing champion! Go, Hanada! Right there! Kill ’em!
Ow!
Hehe... He wouldn’t have been dropped if he didn’t get into street brawls, but he doesn’t seem to have any regrets.
Apparently, he’s more impressive than I thought.
Hanada takes out all of them and dusts himself off.
This is what enforcers are for. I went easy on you, so you won’t get left with any scars... but next time I’ll kill ya.
He clenches his fist in emphasis.
Better think twice before you mess with Cousin Hanada again.
You sound like an underling.
Hanada’s fight’s a sight to behold, isn’t it?
You’re so strong. You were truly amazing, Cousin Hanada!
Hey, flattery’ll get you everywhere!
We leave the sight of the brawl and decide to exchange information.
I hit up the guards. There was some money movement, but all within the expected amount.
0221, Soft-Boiled, A.K.A. Keiko Tosu, was involved in illegal sex work alongside her mother. Which led to her arrest.
I see. So the mom’s the chicken, and the daughter is the soft-boiled egg.
Her mother doesn’t seem to be in this prison, but the guard’s story was wishy-washy. There’s a possibility there’s something else. I doubt they investigated that hard.
In any case, what’s important is that Tosu isn’t yakuza.
Does that mean a yakuza clan isn’t involved in the incident?
I can’t say that for sure. It’s possible they’re involved, especially since she must have had a supporter behind the sex work.
Supporter. Meaning, someone was backing her from somewhere.
Besides, even if she wasn’t part of a yakuza clan, people can be motivated by blackmail or rewards. Especially in this prison.
This wouldn’t be the first time someone came forward as a friend just to stab us in the fucking back.
There are prisoners who may not be yakuza, but cooperate with them instead.
In other words, people like me.
......
There’s a chance that I’ve been suspected from the beginning.
It wouldn’t be surprising to learn that they thought I was some assassin here to take out the Chief, so they were warier of me than they had to be.
Is that a shock to you?
Not at all.
But the Chief dispelled those suspicions when she accepted my challenge.
She assessed me and determined she wanted to use me.
Actually, I’m really happy about it.
I find her magnanimity really cool.
So, I doubt we’ll be able to find anything more out. What’s our next move?
We meet up with Cousin Umezu and continue our discussion.
Hehe, I just got a good idea. Hey, Hanada?
Yeah, if we can’t gather any more intel, we’ll just go ask directly!
That’s a good idea, I think.
Where’s Soft-Boiled again?
I think she’s still in solitary.
Which means we’ll have to wait until she gets out, I think to myself.
That’s the one, boss! He sucker-punched us and ran!
I’m really tired after a thirty-two-hour shift. Why am I not getting relieved?
One of the Okinawa Clan thugs Hanada just thrashed comes over with an exhausted Sofurin in tow.
I’m sleepy...
Well, this is perfect timing!
What are you going to do?
Hehe, just watch.
Okay, here I go.
Ow!
With that, Cousin Hanada punches the Okinawa Clan thug without reason.
You garbage! What the hell are you doing?!
Another guard hears the commotion and rushes over.
Ahhhhhh! Look at all these people knocked out! We’ve got a situation here, Captain Shikolenko!
This is what enforcers are for.
Cousin Hanada says that and gives me a smile.
Okay, I’m wide awake now. Restrain him.
And he is taken away.
I see... So Hanada got thrown in solitary.
We give the Chief our report, and she gives a collected nod.
He was so cool, knocking everyone out.
Oh, you finally come around to the yakuza or what? You can join if you want.
But it’s organized crime.
And that’s not good? Hehe, I suppose not. In that case, I guess I should go do Hanada’s work.
I go on patrol with the Chief for the first time in a while.
She’s usually the one in charge, so she doesn’t go out herself that often.
I’m thinking about including a yakuza character in the game. The name would be Taneuma Kiryu.
We could give him a huge stud-horse tattoo on his back.
Which is why this is the perfect chance to talk about the game with her.
Chief Hatae.
But we’re interrupted by a young man’s voice.
If it isn’t the heir of the Gijin Clan. What seems to be the matter?
Well, I heard you were attacked. My old man told me to come ask what’s going on.
We’re in the middle of investigating. Sorry, but we’re in a hurry.
But he’s blocking our way and doesn’t look like he’s going to let us pass.
Let us through. I have work to do. I don’t have time to deal with little pissants like you.
The Chief doesn’t back down despite being outnumbered.
Who the fuck you calling pissants, Chief Hatae?!
I fought Homicidal Hashimoto back when I was still in middle school!
There are fifteen of them. If they all attack in unison, we won’t have a chance.
Our enforcer Cousin Hanada is in solitary right now.
Calm down. We just want to pass. Would you move out of the way?
Even at a time like this, the Chief wants to settle things peacefully.
How does making the situation hostile help us? If we stir up trouble, the guards will take notice. It’s better for both of us to be happy, isn’t it?
We’re not here on some errand. We both want to protect the prison’s order.
But there are many issues that can’t be resolved by talking.
Hey. You better watch yourself, kid. You think I can’t do shit without the Trio with me?
You can’t expect us to just twiddle our thumbs when shit like this keeps happening since you became a mediator.
Are you too stupid to realize I’m telling you to stay in your fucking lane?
Don’t you disrespect our future patriarch!
One of the young yakuza members rushes over to swing with his fist.
What happens when you can’t settle things by talking?
Hm?
I figure there are times when the other party won’t listen. Like me.
Oh, yeah, there are some people like that. If someone wants to step up, we’re not just gonna back down.
So what do you do?
Isn’t it obvious? When that happens, we—
......!
The Chief easily dodges the punch and grabs the assailant’s wrist.
Then she wraps her left leg around his neck.
Hyah!
She slams her right knee into his chin.
......!
When they won’t talk things out...
...you take them out by force.
Hashizume?! You okay, brother?!
Take him to the infirmary!
Shut the fuck up. If you like your fucking teeth so much, then back the fuck up.
......
If they all attacked us at once, the two of us wouldn’t stand a chance.
That’s why the Chief brutally took out one of them to make an example of him.
A warning to let them know what will happen if they mess with her.
Now choose. Let us through or hit the ground.
Well... I’m sorry for overstepping, Chief.
The Gijin Clan yakuza give in and let us through.
Let’s go, kid.
And so the Chief easily opened the path for us.
Was that karate, too?
No, that’s something I read in a manga.
You think less of me now?
No, that was exciting.
Yeah? Anyway, what’s going to be for dinner tonight?
I’m going to train hard to become strong as well.
That’s how inspiring she was.
(END)
I decide to work even harder as a mediator until Cousin Hanada returns.
This pro-wrestling poster is contraband.
I don’t want the Chief to get blamed for any of my oversights.
Hm? Search for the culprit?
Yeah, I want to help.
I appreciate the sentiment, but you’re not part of the family. You don’t need to worry about that shit. Just do your job as a mediator, and we’re square.
Even getting the Chief to say that to me is big.
They’re really muscular, and their nickname, Unsinkable Battleship, is vaguely dirty, according to Officer Yamagishi.
When you are in the position of managing people, it’s easy to be tempted.
Please just don’t take this vibrator from me... I’ll give you all the Western lariats and sleeper holds you want at night.
Don’t touch me.
After the incident with Hanamaru, these little honey traps no longer work on me.
There’s no point trying to seduce me.
Reeeeeeee!
However sweet their talk may be, there’s no telling what they’re thinking underneath.
That’s why I keep my resolve strong and keep my desires in check.
However, this job also often gives me a glimpse of a new side of the other prisoners.
Good grief... As long as I’m peeing standing up, the piss always overflows from the toilet.
For example, Simo Hay-Hay always cleans her toilet to keep it pristine.
The poor pee...
She has an abnormal fondness for urine.
Peeing is a prayer to God. If you urinate while prostrating yourself, you’ll always hit your target.
I see.
Even some of the prisoners I disliked have many facets to them.
That’s why piss is called holy water.
I see.
I learned that there are some things you won’t find out unless you talk to people.
As I carry on working, I barely have time to rest.
Shuichiro, you’ve got an emergency call.
What’s wrong, Amatsu?
A golden stream pierces through my body, and I’m being swallowed up by its current.
......! Ah, pee.
Who is he talking to?
When I don’t notice that I need to pee, Amatsu lets me know that my bladder is at its limit.
What’s the closest toilet from here?
The one in the rehab center, but it’s a bit far away.
How long can you hold it?
Thirty seconds, max.
That little?
As I have no choice, I decide to relieve myself in the grass.
So a chastity belt |isn’t| a level in karate?
First Officer Yamagishi!
What is it?!
You bastard! What are you doing here!
Officer Yamagishi is a stickler for rules, and won’t overlook any infraction.
What is that cowgirl position you’re in!
I’m crouching.
Yes! Why are you peeing in that position?!
I’m very sorry.
Put it away! You think you can squat and do that anywhere?!
I’m sorry.
Have you thought of the people who will have to walk past here later?! Put it away already!
I’m terribly sorry.
How long are you gonna keep it out, you bastard!
I wanted to water these flowers.
I point at the flowers by my feet.
My sister loved these flowers.
You have a sister?
Yes, my parents spent all their time and energy on my gravely ill sister, so I was neglected and ignored.
I don’t know if she felt guilty for monopolizing our parents’ time, but she always looked apologetic, giving me an insecure smile.
I see...
I didn’t really like my sister that much. It looked to me like she was playing victim all the time.
She could’ve been...
But one day, my sister was crying in her hospital room. She said the white room made her scared the walls were going to attack her.
That’s why I brought her flowers on a whim.
They were these flowers.
You mean the glowing ones?
Yes, the ones I peed on.
It was an unremarkable bouquet of flowers with a simple ribbon tied around them.
But when I handed them to my sister... she gave me a genuine smile.
......
After that, I felt like I could speak with my sister normally.
Ngh... snff...
And she always looked after me... Officer Yamagishi?
I didn’t know... you had such a past...! It must have been so hard! I bet you were so lonely!
Officer Yamagishi is crying really hard.
Are you okay?
Shut up! Don’t look at me!
After that, my sister was always on my side.
Snff, snff.
Even when my family disowned me, she looked after me until the end.
Gaaaaaaah...
Her puke mixes with my urine.
Ngh... I can imagine that you would want to water any of those flowers you see... I’ll allow it!
It seems that Officer Yamagishi is the sentimental type.
What’s your favorite movie?
A Grandmother’s Recollections.
That confirms it.
Being able to see new sides of people like this is what makes this job so interesting.
What’s that?
Something I confiscated... I think it’s a chastity belt?
Chastity belt.
They put it on secretly, but word spread in the shower room.
Officer Yamagishi.
What is it?
Does this fall under contraband?
A chastity belt?
I-It does, doesn’t it? I mean, it’s a sex item...
You fool!|Gah!
This is an orthopedic device that helps stop you from playing with your genitals! It doesn’t fall under contraband. Now go eat breakfast already!
Sometimes the job calls for mediators to eat outside the cafeteria.
Since starting this job, I’ve come to learn that there are many different people supporting the lives of the prisoners.
Today’s rice has sweet potatoes in it. It’s delicious.
Yes.
However hard I may find them to get along with, everyone is helpful to somebody.
I’ve come to understand that.
W-What am I going to do? Not only did I confiscate it because I thought it was contraband, I spit in their face... I can’t return it now...
Uh, Mr. Ex, do you want this? I mean, I could put it on too... Hehe...
But I fundamentally dislike Crappymori.
C-Could you take this to help me out? I mean, if you take it, then I’m totally not involved... You’d take all the responsibility!
She’s one person who’ll never grow on me, I think to myself.
I mean, I’ll even do your rounds fer ya.
Fer ya?
Oh? Sorry, that’s my accent coming out...
......
I am at a loss for words.
You have an accent?
N-Normally, I speak standard... But I’m from Kagawa... so it slips out sometimes.
......!
I take a step forward.
Try speaking in your native accent.
What? Why?
I want to hear it.
I can’t just turn it on! And I don’t like my accent...! People from Tokyo make fun of it so quickly...!
Do it.
Never! Why do I have to get bossed around by a kid?!
Speak in your accent!
Why’d ah gotta do that fer!
That’s awesome.
......?!
I love regional accents.
More specifically, I like older women whose accents just slip out.
T-Then... ya think I can ask yer to do that round fer me?
I’m getting excited.
I’m able to look at Kushimori more favorably now.
Hiwako.
Eeep... You just closed the distance so much!
I’ve become more mature realizing that everyone has a good side to them.
Just then, Cousin Hanada returns.
Good grief, I’ll never get used to that place...
The Trio, Ozawa, and I get together for the first time in a while.
Let me give you a back rub, Cousin.
Huh? No thanks! You covered a lot for me while I was in the hole, didn’t you? I should be the one giving you a massage!
No, I’m giving you one.
From the frustration of not being able to massage the Chief’s breasts before, I ask him to let me massage him.
After some back and forth, he finally agrees to let me.
As I touch him, I notice how large Cousin Hanada’s muscles are.
I wish I was as jacked as he is.
So, Hanada, how was the target?
Yo, Hidemi. ‘Soft-Boiled’ was still in no condition to talk.
Was she hurt or was she keeping her mouth shut?
No, nothing like that. She said that talking would be against the rules. Now she suddenly can’t break ’em.
Oh! So that means...
......?
......?
Yeah... Pretty sure we’re dealing with |that|.
Ahhhh...! It’s good to finally be able to take a bath again!
Cousin Hanada lets out a satisfied sigh as he soaks in the large shared bath.
Ow. That dick guarding solitary wouldn’t leave me alone. Doing their job all fucking diligently... I got more injuries thanks to them.
There are several cuts on his body.
The guard down in solitary is a real piece of work who harasses the prisoners at every opportunity.
But you can be proud of those scars, since you got them for the Chief.
Yeah, my scars are like my medals. I heard you guys did good while I was gone. You putting that body to work, right?
Cousin Hanada seems proud as he looks over his scars.
Why do you guys go so far for the Chief?
I ask honestly.
What?! You work pretty hard for her yourself, so what’s with this modesty?! Be more proud of yourself, damn it!
I’m happy to receive the compliments, but I want to know why.
Well, it’s to repay her.
Repay her.
We’re all in debt to the boss. A really big debt.
It seems that the Trio were not originally a part of the Hatae Clan.
They apparently swore their loyalty while they were in Tulip Prison.
There are a lot of folks like them. I was already a part of the Hatae Clan, you know, but I was just a street thug.
I used to run with a different family. A lot smaller compared to the Hatae, and I was one fuckup away from getting kicked out. I kept picking fights because I didn’t want to get disrespected.
Then one day a girl showed up holding a huge sign. I jumped her too, of course, but the Chief parried all my attacks easily.
Even though you were practically two steps away from being a boxing champion?
Normally, I’d get sent straight to solitary, but the Chief told the guard who showed up...
‘It’s nothing. I had a bug on my shoulder, and he helped me get rid of it.’
That’s so cool...
I fell for the Chief... I asked her if I could swear my loyalty to her. Over and over again. But I had to leave my former family first.
You can’t just quit?
It’s different for every family. Things between Cousin Hanada and his former family were already rocky, so poaching him like that didn’t sit right with ’em.
Then the Chief kept writing to my former family every day, asking to take me in. She showed respect even though they were a far smaller family.
Finally, they agreed to meet with her, and she bowed her head low and asked them if she could take me in.
I mean, that sounds normal.
Idiot, getting the boss of a family as big as Hatae is a big deal in the underworld. In some cases, war could even break out.
They frantically agreed to the terms, and I got to be part of the Hatae Clan. Ah, I still get tears in my eyes just remembering...
Cousin Hanada starts to tear up.
That’s how big it was to a yakuza.
What about you, Cousin Shimonuma?
I’m a masochist, so I wanted to follow a strong woman who’d punch me.
I see.
The Chief didn’t start off as a mediator either.
Being the only daughter of a yakuza boss makes you a prime target in prison! People were harassing her when she first got in.
But the Chief isn’t one to lose her cool that easy! She just pushed them back!
How?
Well, she beat the shit out of one of them! She didn’t give a fuck about no solitary!
The one in charge of the mess hall was a real bitch of a woman! She discriminated the hell out of everyone! She’d help the strong and bully the weak! She’d leave the tails on the fried shrimp!
She was a short-tempered slut! She was in charge of the mess hall, but her cooking was fucking horrible! She reveled in other people’s misery!
To top it all off, she was fat, ugly, stupid, and ugly! She’d mess with the food of people she hated!
The Chief did that to me.
That was nothing! I ate worse shit when I was living off the land abroad! It did help my body get used to poison, so that was a plus!
Cousin Umezu has lived a pretty wild life herself.
But even when she started shit, she’d always pin it on some underling! When I was slow she thumped me, and one time she threatened me with a cleaver! What a bitch!
Then one day, the idiot put some shit in the Chief’s food and said, ‘you’re a yakuza, chop off your little finger and eat that.’
That’s kind of funny.
The fuck it is. If it were me, I would’ve said, ‘Sorry, we don’t serve people with tattoos. Now put up your dukes or eat your dookie!’
That’s strong.
Anyway, she royally pissed the Chief off, and got her ass beat! It didn’t take the SST long to show up, but by the time they did, that bitch’d sworn she’d never mess with the Chief again.
She’s so strong.
After that, the Chief’s reputation changed. ‘You don’t want to mess with her.’ Once you’ve got people thinking that, the world’s your oyster!
Once, the boss broke one person’s jaw to make several dozen yakuza gangsters back down.
She must have planned it.
Wasn’t she worried about the guards?
That’s what makes her so smart. She’d already gone out and found a prisoner who was a good cook, so she had somebody all lined up to replace the bitch she took out.
The food quality went up, so the guards and prisoners were all happy. The new head cook was a saint who wouldn’t hurt a fly, and the Chief’s reputation soared. Just wickedly well played.
And |that’s| how a certain weak prisoner who was always getting picked on by the former head cook took her old boss’s place... and that’s why she swore her loyalty to the Chief.
Apparently, that prisoner was Cousin Umezu.
There are fewer people who make fun of the Chief now, but there will always be people who want to fuck with people who stand out. Meaning, she made more enemies too.
But the Chief would always stand up for what was right, and offered a helping hand to any prisoners in need.
I remember when I first met the Chief.
She gave a kind warning to me and Kurebayashi.
People tend to follow that kind of attitude.
I feel like I understand where Cousin Umezu is coming from.
Check.
Ah, I lost again. Wait, have I lost? I don’t really know, but I probably lost.
During my break the following day, I meet up with Mr. Kugitani.
I still don’t understand all the rules.
But we’re lucky to have something like this. All that matters is that it’s fun. That’s why it’s surprisingly popular. It’s a big seller.
Because the prisoners are starved for entertainment.
Why don’t you try making one? Something for the vibe of the prison.
Like ‘Connect Titty?’
If you get found out, you can go with something like ‘Old Raid’ and ‘Crazy Eight-to-Life.’ They could be big money makers.
We put aside the homemade board games and sit on the edge of the concrete.
I’ve been hearing some of your recent exploits. What’s the world come to, that a kid like you is joining the yakuza?
I’m not a yakuza, I’m just hanging out with them.
You mess with red ink, it’ll turn you red. One day you’re going to find yourself just like them.
The hell you say? I’ll knock you out.
Like that.
I’ve come to the local information broker for some information.
You know what the Gijin Clan is like?
I do. What’s your budget?
As a mediator, I can overlook the contraband you bring in.
Well, you got me there. Looks like I’ll have to give you my vital information.
I smile and Mr. Kugitani lights his cigarette in good spirits.
Phew... The Gijin Clan. They’re a yakuza organization that formed in Yokohama after the war. I don’t know how big they are, but not that big.
Are there a lot in this prison?
They got pinched for prostitution. There were kids involved, so they all got thrown the book. It made it into the news.
I don’t watch the news that much.
As this is a prison for sex criminals, while there aren’t many Gijin Clan members, some are being held here.
They were treated as a nuisance even in Yokohama. They’re a cunning lot who’d do anything for profit, so hated locally that they don’t even have a place of their own.
I’m describing old-school yakuza gangsters. They might not be great in numbers, but they’ve got their own menacing energy. Personally, I wouldn’t want to mess with them.
You seem to know a lot.
Nothing you couldn’t learn from reading a newspaper, although only the privileged get to read them here.
I look up at the gray sky and put my hands on my hips.
What’s the matter? You’re not thinking about going to war with the Gijin Clan, are you?
No.
But their aggressive attitude still bothers me.
It feels hostile.
But it’s not just the Gijin Clan. Do you know how many yakuza are in this prison? They’re all after the mediator position. Then they wouldn’t have to stand all day, and they’d get more warm baths.
Ozawa mentioned that when you get the yakuza together, they add up to a major faction in the prison.
And that the Chief is in charge of keeping several of the different families organized.
However... There’s no mistake that the Gijin Clan is the most problematic of the families.
I’ll need to keep an eye out for them, I think to myself.
Hey, Exhibitiman, why do you care so much?
What do you mean?
You’re not in the yakuza. You’re just a kid. Why do you need to go that far to help?
......
It’s the Chief’s talent to make you want to.
She’s got real power condensed inside that thin body of hers. We all got charmed by her personality, damn it.
I want to help because it’s the Chief.
I think I feel the same way.
But there’s no reason beyond that, and it’s not very logical.
That evening, I focus on my training.
I read a manga that said to train your lungs, you should try breathing all the air out to empty them.
That’s definitely not a thing.
So I want you to punch me as hard as you can in my stomach.
Hmph!
Ahhhhhhhhhh!
You’re crazy...
I also work on strengthening my body in addition to my lung capacity.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
That’s some solid spirit. You’re like a different person.
It’s good form... but your yell is a little strange.
I know from my mining experience that if you want to get stronger, you need to start with weightlifting.
If I get strong, do you think I’ll be cool like everyone else?
Hm? Not everyone needs to be cool.
You just need to do whatever you can to the best of your abilities. It’s the same as game development.
The Chief talks as she sketches with a pencil.
I knew from the Trio’s stories, but the Chief really doesn’t waver.
She feels like a pillar of power. Someone you can lean on.
......
What is it, kid? You’ve stopped.
She seems so independent.
Why are you so together?
You’re pretty put together for your age too.
What do you think about this, for the yakuza character you mentioned before?
She shows me her sketch and gives me her usual smile.
There are lots of different Taeka Hataes inside me.
Lots?
That’s right. And these many versions of me are always in a discussion on what the right course of action is as the head of a yakuza clan.
That’s just like me.
I am always in conversation with Amatsu.
That’s why people always used to say I seemed older than I was.
......
I feel close to the Chief.
Why did you end up in this prison?
I told you I was framed.
Then why—
I stop.
The Chief is staring daggers at me.
Kid, don’t stick your neck out where it doesn’t belong.
She breaks the tension and speaks softly.
I got respect for you. That’s why I’m giving you a lot of leeway, but if you wanna live your life as a civvy, you can’t be getting in too deep with the yakuza.
I am at a loss for words.
I thought you wanted me to join the yakuza.
If that’s what you want to do, then I’ll be the first to welcome you.
But you need to be mentally prepared to become a yakuza. Especially these days.
As I said before, it’s not about what’s best for you, it’s about living by a code. Us yakuza care more about that than our lives.
You’ve gotta have |ninkyo-do.| Without it, you’ll never be a real yakuza.
That’s why if this is just a passing interest, then you’d be better off staying in your lane. Do what you can within the limits.
With that, she focuses back on her sketching.
(END)
The Chief really was falsely charged.
Ozawa tells me in the bathing area.
I’m trusting you here, tellin’ you about this... You ever hear of a drug called ‘H?’
No.
That’s no surprise. It’s a new drug and nobody knows what it is.
They don’t know exactly when this “H” started to circulate.
It started spreading out of northern Kyushu, but no one can even nail down what it looks like.
It’s only assumed to be a drug because the withdrawal symptoms resemble those of drug addicts.
In the end, they all end up not being able to think for themselves, like they’ve been hollowed out.
So that’s why it’s called ‘H.’
The drug is extremely addictive and hard to quit.
When the drug’s effects wear off, people howl like they’re horny, and twist all around...
So that’s why it’s called ‘H.’
The police have been chasing this drug around for a while now.
But they haven’t been able to find its origins or the actual chemical.
When it comes to drugs, they first look at the yakuza. Which means they had their eyes on the biggest family in Kyushu.
Apparently, the final blow came when some former Hatae Clan youngsters began selling illegal drugs online after being released from prison.
The Chief was arrested as the person in charge.
The police claim she falsely excommunicated the member to try to wash her hands of the whole thing.
Although, if she tried to prevent the police from conducting their search, they would’ve come after the family in full force.
There are a multitude of ways the police can cook up a reason to drag the yakuza in. There’s no point in trying to fight them.
But I heard the Hatae Clan never touched drugs.
That’s right. The family wasn’t involved. If anyone were, they would’ve had to answer to the Chief. And trust me, people wouldn’t touch the stuff if they knew it was gonna piss her off.
That’s why the Chief was imprisoned for a crime she didn’t commit.
Still, she never let that break her, climbing up to her current position.
That’s really cool.
I mean, yeah. She wouldn’t get caught that easy. There’s a reason she came to this prison—
Ozawa catches himself mid-sentence.
What do you mean?
Oh, I shouldn’t have said that...
What do you mean by that?
Hehe... There are some things that are better left unknown.
Come on, what’s that mean?
I know I’m one to talk, but you shouldn’t stick your neck where it don’t belong.
Tell me, tell me.
Ain’t you ever heard how curiosity killed the cat?
Cousin Hanada pushes me back.
Civvies should just live their lives with their heads in the sand. If a kid with a bright future ahead of him keeps trying to stick his nose in danger, I’ll teach him what’s good for him!
He says that before leaving.
......
Just then, Cousin Umezu pokes me in the back and gives me a troubled smile.
Forgive us. The Chief told us to keep the civvies out of it. She doesn’t want you to get dragged into any trouble.
That’s the reason the Chief gave me the cold shoulder before.
That’s why she started to distance herself from me.
She’s so cool...
You got that right.
They’re holding fast to the yakuza way, drawing a line in the sand.
......
I feel my chest get warm as I think about the Chief.
Okay, boyo, I’ll tell you one thing.
Cousin Umezu lowers her voice and whispers in my ear.
Dookie.
Hehe.
She seems satisfied that I laughed.
What is this feeling?
I heard you were a Chad now?
Chad?
Well, take a seat, Mr. Chad.
Tonight was my routine checkup with Dr. Higuchi.
I’ve been at this prison a long time now, and it’s hard keeping my binders organized. I can never find my charts.
Mm, what’s wrong, young man? You have a question?
She is very knowledgeable, so I decide to consult her on my recent issue.
Whenever I think about the Chief, my chest gets really hot.
Sometimes I find myself thinking of the Chief in the middle of the day.
When I look at her, I’m filled with this desire to help her.
What could this all mean?
......
The doctor stops what she’s doing and simply stares at me.
Shuichiro, you don’t know what that emotion means?
This is the first time I’ve ever felt such feelings.
There’s always a reason for feelings to exist.
Some benefit for me down the road, or some situation in which they’ll be useful. Otherwise, they don’t make any logical sense.
But this whole time...
I’ve had an intense emotion raging inside me.
Human emotion isn’t logical. I mean, people aren’t efficiently made at all.
Then what is this feeling?
......
Dr. Higuchi taps at the back of her hair.
I mean, that’s... uh... I mean, it’s not good because this is a prison, but it’s perfectly fine to feel as a human being... so...
Uh...
But she raises her head to look into my eyes.
Well, that feeling of yours is...
As she is about to finish her sentence.
Pardon meee!
The door swings open and someone stomps in.
It’s Julia Agatsuma, the deputy warden of the Sex Crimes Ward.
I’m in the middle of an examination. I believe the agreement was that outsiders were not to come in without permission.
Well, this was an emergency, so you can’t blame me for this. There’s an exception to every rule.
That’s pretty convenient when you never come when I want you to. Honestly.
Captain Agatsuma laughs as Dr. Higuchi lays into her.
I don’t need examinations because the heavens have blessed me.
I watch this all from a distance.
Come on, it’s the medicine you asked for. You put in a request for penicillin, didn’t you?
Thank you very much... This is really helpful.
Oof!
Dr. Higuchi buckles as she takes a large cardboard box.
Yeah, thanks. Could you put it on that shelf? Be careful, it’s fragile.
As I go to help with the load, Captain Agatsuma steals a glance at me.
I’ll do your counseling in a second, so don’t go anywhere! Ah, this is why I hate paper!
I’m a nun. I don’t understand Japanese.
That’s so outdated! I feel like there is a deep-seated prejudice buried in your subconscious. I prescribe counseling!
Dr. Higuchi is frantically searching for paper.
Sister Julia pays her no mind as she continues to look at me for some reason.
What is it?
It looks like there’s something troubling you.
There isn’t.
No, no, that can’t be the case! That expression tells me you are deeply troubled by something!
It might be your imagination.
If there’s anything I can do, just say the word. I’m a prison officer and nun. It is my karnu to save lost sheep.
Karnu?
Oh, what seems to be the problem?
Nothing, everything is fine.
My head feels strange, and I tap at the back of my head.
I have the doctor to counsel me.
Oh, is that right? Hahaha... Then I understand.
But please remember that the church doors are always open to lost souls. Salvation lies within.
......
Well, then. May the Lord be with you.
Captain Agatsuma leaves with a smile.
Did she leave?
Yes.
Dang it, she got away! She finally shows up for the first time in a while, and she leaves already.
Dr. Higuchi uncharacteristically stamps her foot in frustration.
I find this so cute that before I know it, the strange feeling in my head has all but disappeared.
Does she not come around that often?
It seems like she doesn’t like doctors. Although, maybe this is just the type of person I am. When people say they don’t need me it makes me want to chase after them.
I come here because I want to see her, so I don’t understand the feelings of those who would avoid it.
My! How cute of you to say!
She rubs my head, and that makes me happy.
Then she stops to rest her hand on my shoulder.
Now, let me answer your previous question, young man... Ahem.
She looks a bit torn as her eyes dart around the room before she seems to make up her mind.
Listen, that feeling is...
Crappymori, you gave the guards another false report, didn’t you?
T-That’s quite the accusation... I didn’t do that.
I heard that you accused someone of saying, ‘Women are motherly and you can get them to baby you if you threaten them.’
I-I just told the truth... The bosses like it when you report everything... Hehe.
Baby Hideyoshi was crying about how he was going to commit ritual suicide.
They always make fun of me when they see me.
Oda Babynaga said he’d set the place on fire.
Well, I didn’t lie or anything...
Luckily Mori Ranmama comforted them.
I mean, men are all fools who think that meek women are all masochists.
......!
Number 0858, that was thoughtless! This prison also takes gender education seriously! Watch your careless statements! Or you can die!
That’s so mean.
Number 0720, don’t pay any attention to those words.
So they’re not?
......
They’re not all masochists.
I always assumed they were, I think to myself.
By the way, I heard a new shipment of sanitary items arrived, so I was hoping you would go pick them up from General Affairs...
You go yourself.
I’m asking fer a favor. I sure would ’ppreciate it.
......!
It’s easy handling kids when you know what you’re doing. Hehe...
I head over to get the box of sanitary items like she asked.
The supplies should have “pad” written on them.
Kurebayashi.
Yeah?
What are pads?
They’re dry things that bring you peace of mind on your heavy days.
I see...
Could I have some pads?
And who are you running errands for? Here you go.
I got them.
Why are you spreading that out here? That’s like sexual harassment.
When I spread one out, it’s like a diaper.
I think that maybe these were made for people like me who like to pee outside.
Okay, please sign here.
......
I don’t have a signature.
Should I come up with one?
Huh?
I draw a picture around the word “Exhibitiman.”
What is this?! If I submit this, my boss will beat the crap out of me!
I decide to put one on to try.
On the way home, I run into the Chief.
Wazzappenin, Chief!
......
I give her an energetic greeting, but she ignores me.
Where are you going?
Just to go look something up.
I want to come with you!
Hah, you haven’t given up yet? A civvy shouldn’t be—
......!
The Chief puts her head in her hand in exasperation.
You’re a hopeless one, you know? Okay, follow me.
We are heading to the rehab center I was just at.
What are we looking up?
The register. I need a list for the Sex Crimes Ward.
Why?
I need to look up which wards held Hatae members in the past. Although, this is pretty tedious.
I think back to the story about some young Hatae Clan members being arrested in connection with the crackdown on “H.”
Maybe this was the prison they came out of before the incident.
The registers are overseen by each ward. But if you’ve been a mediator as long as I have, they’ll trust you enough to show you that list.
More tampons?
We head to General Affairs, where they still keep paper documents.
Tampons?
Tulip Prison has a long history, and it will take a while before all the data can be digitized.
This is a personal matter. Let’s get this taken care of quickly before anything happens.
We arrive at a dimly lit storeroom.
Someone’s here.
There are visitors already here in the room.
We meet again, Ms. Hatae. Is there something I can help you with?
It’s the heir of the Gijin Clan we met earlier.
Sorry to intrude. Is this your territory? I came to get something I wanted.
Sorry, this is our job. We’re protecting important documents with the guards’ personal information on them.
If we even let someone as important as you in here, the COs’ll have something to say.
He pokes his pinky with a knife.
It seems to be some sort of yakuza joke.
We have permission. We just want to find what we’re looking for, we’re not here to get in your way.
I’m sure you don’t mean to, but you are.
And this is just a personal matter, isn’t it? Asking us to help you doesn’t seem right, now, does it?
We’ll be quick about it, please just let us in.
Fucking exhibitionist! Our clan heir is talking!
Now, now. Let’s stay calm here. We’re not here to interfere with your work. We just need to take a look.
The Chief is trying to keep things amicable.
That still puts us out. This is our job, it’s nothing personal. You’re going to have to turn back.
But the heir of the Gijin Clan turns us away.
It feels almost malicious.
Don’t be like that, Mr. Gijin. Give us just three minutes. What’s the harm if that’s all it takes?
The Chief still attempts to keep things civil.
Just then, an old man enters.
What’s going on here? Ah, if it isn’t the head of the Hatae Clan. It’s been a long time. How’ve you been?
Old Man Jinbo, it has been a long time, sir.
Seeing the head of the Kyushu families here, I hope our young ones haven’t done anything disrespectful.
These folks just joined us recently, so they’re still learning.
As I take a closer look, I see the people lined up aren’t the same ones who tried to block our way before.
No disrespect at all. We were just having a bit of miscommunication.
The old man is emanating his own brand of force.
I’ve known her since she was little. I even looked after her when she was training with the Kazanin family.
Is that so? I was young, so I don’t remember it that well.
The force that he exudes feels muddy, different from the Chief’s.
The former Hatae boss wasn’t one to forget any favors done for him.
There is something about this old man that makes people flinch.
......
To prove it, I take a step back myself.
Oh, did I scare you, boy? That’s what usually happens with everyone at first. Once you live the yakuza life long enough, you get used to it.
Haha, come on, pops, be real. Every underling would rather get their jaw broken than talk to you face to face.
You got that right! Haha!
Ahahaha!
The yakuzas’ snickering assaults us.
Hehe, the kid’s not scared. He’s got the balls to stand up to the Hatae Clan alone.
But the Chief laughs as she rubs my head.
We have something we’re looking for, and I was hoping you would help us find it.
She doesn’t back down from the Yokohama elder at all.
That’s going to be a problem. This is our job after all. Or are mediators allowed to work for their own self-interest?
Self-interest? We’re just doing what we can to protect ourselves.
Oh, so that young girl has grown up to use sophistry!
The Gijin Clan chief doesn’t give an inch.
If you’re going to get in our way, then you’re going to force our hand.
I’m the head of a powerful Yokohama family. That level of threat isn’t going to work on me...
Then what the fuck do you want me to do?
You’re trying to ask for a selfish favor. How about an apology and asking for our blessing? It’s only right to know your place.
He wants her to give him an apology as a yakuza.
You’re a crazy old man.
That means...
You want the Chief to cut off a finger over something like this?
I didn’t say that, kid. But I’m teaching her that there are proper ways of asking for things here.
He dances around his true thoughts while giving his rebuttal.
That seems to be Old Man Jinbo’s way.
You’re still a child from where I stand. I’m willing to overlook a little mistake. But I’d like you to be open to my warning. Am I wrong?
You saying that petty interference is the way the great Gijin Clan does things?
Whoa, there. How about some proof before leveling such accusations? Am I wrong?
The air tenses immediately.
Proof? What kind of bullshit is that? How long have you been doing this, old man?
Don’t you dare disrespect the boss like that, bitch!
Shut the fuck up, pissant! You think you’re at the level to even be able to speak to me? Huh?!
Now it’s the heir who takes a step back as the Chief glares at him.
You wanna talk about what’s right? Proof isn’t something that yakuza ever needed!
She swings her fist at the whole group of them.
If it looks gray, it’s black! If you can’t show you’re white and clean, you can’t complain when you get capped in the back!
She becomes more impassioned.
You can’t just talk your way around that... now that ain’t right!
I’m getting excited watching her.
......!
This feeling I have is...
You’re a fan.
When I ran into Kurebayashi at breakfast, that’s what she told me.
No, I can’t tell you! I’m scared you might go somewhere far away...!
Dr. Higuchi never told me in the end, so I decided to ask whoever would listen.
A fan?
Your chest gets hot when you watch this person, right?
Yeah.
You want to give them support so they can do their best, right?
Yeah.
You’re rooting for them so much that you’d buy all their merch if it existed, right?
Yeah.
Then that’s a fan.
This feeling I have is apparently fan worship.
You think about them all the time, and looking at them makes you gush with estrogen. Then that’s definitely fandom.
I’ve gotten more jacked recently, so I think I’m more gushing with testosterone if anything...
Kurebayashi’s argument was convincing.
Whenever even I |think| about my idol, I see a ray of light beaming inside this dim prison, my dry skin becomes more supple, and my whole body shines with a radiant glow!
Who is your idol?
None of your business.
You wanna fucking go, bitch?!
I’ll take off your balls, you Hatae punk!
Fah fah fah!
Yo, you better stand by your fucking words. Once you pull a gun, you don’t put it away until you spill blood.
The young ones flinch at her pressure.
The yakuza have something called status. You really fucking think some random punk has the right to step to me?
Hey...
It appears her statement has some truth behind it, and the Gijin Clan chief puts the young members in line.
As the head of the Hatae Clan, I’m willing to overlook this once.
The Chief is not backing down no matter what.
But listen up, you senile old man. You ever disrespect the Hatae name ever again, you won’t be getting off with a warning. Next time...
The Chief is a strong leader representing her clan.
I’m gonna kick your ass!
She is so cool.
This is my idol.
I nod as I finally understand.
This settles the matter immediately.
We soon find ourselves with a binder in hand.
That was one impressive old man.
That’s an honest thought. He’s definitely trouble to deal with.
He’s a self-preserving son of a bitch who sold out an allied gang to save himself in a huge roundup. A yakuza has to be cunning to do what he does...
A mediator makes countless enemies.
Among them, the Gijin Clan seem to be a particularly troublesome lot.
But you were way more intense.
Haha, did you piss yourself?
Don’t worry, I’m wearing a pad.
......
I have peace of mind even on my heavy days.
......
The Chief will surely have to fight against countless enemies in the future.
I want to be able to help her when the time comes.
I want to be able to support the Chief of the Hatae Clan.
(END)
