Just doing my regular work as a mediator allowed me to be helpful to the Chief.
However, that doesn’t seem to be enough when it comes to supporting my idol.
Making sacrifices in your life just so you can buy tickets and merchandise is what makes fandom amazing.
Crappymori is apparently an idol geek.
They need my support or they’ll crumble... So I basically have to...
You sound delusional.
......
What are you talking about?
There are apparently many ways to support your idol as a fan.
I buy every interview article and video I can get my hands on and really digest every word.
Digest.
When I read them, I feel a deep understanding that moves me.
It sounds like she’s spent around a million yen.
Don’t they all end up saying the same thing?
Of course not.
Why not?
Because what they say changes all the time!
......
......
Isn’t that a problem?
It really is!
But isn’t that a happy problem to have? No? Oh...
Being a fan of someone isn’t easy.
But just to be safe, I decide to write down every word the Chief says.
Shuichiro, what the hell are you writing?
Chiefly wisdom.
......
What’s up?
I can feel it washing over me...!
......
I’ll write these up whenever I feel down...
I wonder if the Bible was written like this...
When I read back what I’ve written, it does feel very deep.
However, this won’t be enough to satisfy my fandom.
My passion builds inside me, and I’m filled with the desire to do more.
When your fandom goes too far, you feel like you want to become that person, do the same kind of work...
That’s Crappymori’s take.
I wanted to become an idol too... wanted to get as close to that sparkly world as much as possible...
That’s why you framed me and sold your soul to Eroducer.
......
I’ll never forget that.
To get closer to the Chief, the best way would be to become a yakuza like her.
But to become a yakuza, the Chief told me what was important.
You’ve gotta have |ninkyo-do.| Without it, you’ll never be a real yakuza.
Ninkyodo.
......
I believe that’s the name of a game company.
Kurebayashi.
What is it?
I’ll eat your natto next time, so there’s something I want you to tell me.
What is it?
What kind of games does Ninkyodo release?
Ninkyodo?
Stuff like Animal Tormenting.
Animal Tormenting.
And Betris.
Betris.
When you get a line of debt arranged in a row, your pinky disappears.
I see.
There’s also Rocket Monsters. Comes in Boss Says Black and Boss Says White versions.
You train the Sujimon you capture and strive to become a Yakuza Master.
Yakuza Master.
The Tire-Iron Emblem series has also gotten popular again since ‘Criminal Awakening.’
That sounds very awake.
There’s also Racketeering, Dr. Kazuma’s Pain Training, Elite Street Agents, Smash-and-Grab Brothers, and of course, |Luigi|.
......
......
I see.
That’s all I could say... I think to myself.
I hear you’re a fan of the Chief. Rumors say you chase her around everywhere.
Do they say that?
Yeah, and that you’re a lustful beast, the only one who can satisfy her.
......
Ever since I talked about fandom with Kurebayashi, she’s been talking to me from time to time.
She’s often to be found working alone in the shipyard, and the guards don’t seem to keep a close eye on her for some reason.
That’s why trying to become like your idol is just the natural course.
Even if you could become a yakuza, you couldn’t become the head.
Why not?
That’s the psychological pillar for the prisoners. Just becoming a yakuza isn’t enough.
I see...
Maybe if I can get that psycho-caterpillar, I’ll be able to become one.
What?
Huh?
Fellow fans are able to understand each other.
I recommend you switch to a guard over a prisoner. You’ll get way more progress.
But guards are so strict, I doubt they do much fan service.
Well, that’s true...
The Chief’s nice, and I can talk to her once in a while.
I don’t do any direct meetings.
Why not?
I mean, I can’t talk at all. Plus my hand sweat gets really bad. And I’ll die if they ever think that I’m nervous.
Yeah, I guess I worry about that sometimes too.
I don’t want to share my favorite, either. I just can’t handle other people rooting for my idol.
I don’t understand that at all.
Doesn’t it drive you crazy when you see your idol smile at someone else?
My idol has thousands of supporters already.
Well, I have being the first fan going for me, so nobody will be able to take that away from me.
......
I’m a new fan, so I’m mindful of the older fans.
They seem like they’re having a serious conversation, so no trouble here.
Yeah, I don’t like that.
I receive a purchase request from Kurebayashi.
Apparently, she has free computer access here at the shipyard.
When I try to see what she’s doing, she slips her body in between.
Anyway, we have to work hard every day for our idols.
Yeah, good luck.
You too. Become the number-one fan of the Chief in the universe.
A TKer.
TKer? Taeka Kart player?
Is that Ninkyodo again?
Huh?
What?
......
I head to karate practice during my break that day as well.
I run into the Chief.
When I get out of here, I’m thinking about playing lots of different games.
Is that right?
You seem like you’d enjoy Betris.
Yeah, it feels good removing a whole bunch at once.
I knew it.
We head to the garden as we talk.
Her drawing tools are broken and scattered.
......
Paint has been flung everywhere, the easel split in half, and the bucket poked full of holes.
Oh, my.
Even the nearly complete poster is ripped to shreds.
......
Hold on, kid. Where are you off to with that look on your face?
To go find who did this.
Don’t. You won’t find them anyway. There’s no way this was a spur-of-the-moment thing.
We should be able to find clues. There’s a girl, Yomi, who’s always hanging off the pull-up bar. I can ask her.
The issue is how far you can really trust her.
In prison, you never know when an ally is going to become your enemy. That’s why people you can trust are so precious.
It’s really hard to find true allies in prison.
Especially for mediators surrounded by enemies.
And I can just paint another poster. It’s not like I was especially fond of what I made.
I can’t let it go.
I loved the painting the Chief did.
Everything she makes is wonderful.
......
That’s why I won’t let anyone disrespect her art.
I don’t think it’s forgivable. That is why they can’t be allowed to get away with it.
You’re a cute kid.
The Chief pokes my forehead.
But don’t get emotional, no matter what. You can pretend to get pissed, but if you actually get mad, you’ll find yourself messing up opportunities you could’ve had.
The Chief picks up her drawing board.
I’m sensing something fishy about all this.
Something fishy.
Does this have to do with ‘H?’
......
I already know about the false drug charges.
Can’t anyone keep their damn mouth shut? They got the balls to face any yakuza, so why would they blab everything to this kid?
She lets out a genuinely exasperated sigh.
But I can’t tell you.
Is it because I don’t play Ninkyodo?
Yes, without |ninkyo-do|, you’ll just get burned. I can’t let you do that.
If you tell me, you’ll have more help.
But the Chief shakes her head.
Joining the yakuza is heavy shit. You have to make a blood oath.
This isn’t an issue of logic. It’s about what’s in your heart.
Humans aren’t just rational.
I’ve learned that much at least.
I want you to tell me.
Then you want to become a yakuza and break your promise with your sister?
No.
I can’t do anything to make my sister cry.
But I can still become true allies with the Chief.
Then I want to swear my loyalty to you... in my heart.
I will never betray the Chief.
I need to prove that to her here.
You wanna bet your dick again?
Yes, but no.
I say while exposing my crotch.
This time I’ll really put my life on the line.
Then I give her something.
What’s this?
A chastity belt.
It’s the chastity belt Crappymori handed me that one day.
To me, exposing myself is as precious as my life.
You did mention that before. Wait, don’t tell me...
A chastity belt is like an article of clothing.
If my privates aren’t exposed, you can’t say I’m fully naked.
As long as I have this on, I can’t be an exhibitionist.
If you ever feel like you can’t trust me, throw that key away.
But if I did that, then...
Then I could never expose myself of my own volition again.
I wouldn’t be able to be fully naked, something I value as much as my life.
It would also mean losing my best friend Amatsu.
It might as well mean killing me.
But kid...
I trust you.
I am putting my life on the line.
If the Chief tells me to die.
I’m prepared to die.
......!
That’s how prepared I am.
The rest is up to the Chief and whether or not she’ll accept me.
Honestly... Hanada, Umezu, and now you. Why is it that people with death wishes are always drawn to me?
She lets out another big sigh and slowly squats down.
I’ll take your oath and swear one back... in my heart.
And she quietly puts the chastity belt on me.
It may not be official, but I feel like a very deep bond was forged this day.
I definitely received the nod from the Chief, in our hearts.
I am now a yakuza... in my heart.
......
(END)
Rumor is that the mysterious drug ‘H’ spread from Tulip Prison.
The Chief whispers to me.
The fact of the matter is, the branch members of the Hatae Clan arrested over drugs got rounded up |right| after they got out of this place. Without even coming to see us.
So you decided to come to prison to chase those leads.
The Chief praises my deduction.
I worked my way up to becoming a mediator, investigating the matter behind the scenes... but things have been real fishy lately.
What do you mean?
The prison already had a lot of Hatae Clan members here. But they and a certain segment of inmates have started acting weird.
That certain segment of inmates probably includes the female prisoner who attacked the Chief.
One day they say they’re leaving the family, and then the next day they’re such well-behaved little boys and girls, they might as well be different people.
I mean, that in itself isn’t a problem. It’s obviously better to live as a civvy in this day in age, if you can.
There are a lot of places that’ll cut your sentence down if you sever all ties with organized crime. Although, spineless cowards like that usually become outcasts when they get out.
So they’re willing to accept that to get out early?
No, ’cause the second they |do| get out half of them start their own little gangs, hitting pachinko parlors and selling drugs.
It doesn’t matter what the circumstances are, if we start troubling the civvies, the yakuza don’t have anywhere to go.
And even if they’re ex-members, if it’s Hatae Clan people causing trouble, it tarnishes the family name as well.
The Chief has come here to resolve these issues.
And there are others who want to bring me down a peg, spreading lies and bullshit. It hasn’t been all that harmful, but it’s still a nuisance.
Despite her casual words, there’s a definite rage in her tone.
I recall when I first got out of solitary.
Like that rumor about us, too?
Yeah, I’m ninety percent sure that’s what it was.
Someone purposefully spread the lie that I took advantage of the Chief to tarnish her reputation.
......
Young, former members of her family are disappearing for no rhyme or reason.
And they try to bring down the Chief with strange actions and words.
People that used to be on her side.
I told you, you never know who you can really trust in prison.
Yeah.
I recall our previous conversation.
Let’s try to proceed efficiently.
My art might be child’s play, but you bought into it.
The yakuza respect artistry. Some people think it’s just ’cause you can sell it, but the reason it makes money is because of the hard work that was put in to make it worth something.
There are pissants that’ll step on someone’s skills without showing proper respect. I can’t just let that slide.
As she spoke, she squatted down.
When people make moves, they leave behind evidence. I won’t do anything to look for the culprit, but...
The Chief picked something up that was lying next to the broken easel.
We should find out who our enemies are.
It was a long, red strand of hair.
Oh, excuse me... Hm?
Kurebayashi stumbles into me and waves with a neutral expression.
I’ve seen you around, but not the Chief. How’ve you been?
Not bad.
I actually remembered another Ninkyodo game. The Legend of Yakuza: The Wind Maker.
Eep!
......
Kurebayashi is pushed against the wall, and all routes of escape are blocked.
What are you doing? Did you prefer Kink’s Awakening or Ocarina of Crime?
You’re the one who did this, aren’t you?
She holds the drawing paper up to her face.
Kurebayashi stares at it for ten seconds.
I don’t know what you’re talking about. You’re making me extremely uncomfortable.
You gonna play dumb? Then how about this?
The Chief waves the red strand of hair around.
Yes, that is mine. I’m about the only person in here with red hair.
This was found near my ripped poster and broken art supplies. You must know what that implies, don’t you?
What would I get out of doing that? If you’ll excuse me, I have somewhere to be.
Hold the fuck up. You’re not going anywhere.
I grab her by the collar as she tries to leave and hold her in place.
Ngh... What time are you saying I did this, anyway?
I took a break from painting around three o’clock, and returned a little past five.
Then it definitely wasn’t me!
Stop playing dumb, you natto girl!
I pin Kurebayashi down against the ground hard.
What?!
We start wrestling on the ground.
What the fuck are you guys doing there?!
A guard runs over.
I overheard your conversation! Prisoner 0721 stayed in the shipyard all throughout her break today, so there’s no way she could’ve done that!
She pulls out her baton and swings.
You may be a mediator, but you punished her without any evidence! Get the SST!
What are you talking about, ma’am?
I slowly stand up.
I didn’t hit her. There was a rock on the ground that looked like my penis, so I was just picking it up.
I hold out the dick rock as I speak.
What?! I can clearly see that 0721 was roughed up!
No, not really.
I honestly don’t know what you’re talking about. We’re all avid rock collectors here.
......! What?!
Anyway, ma’am, you sure came rushing over at the perfect timing.
Well, I...
It almost seems like you knew this was going to happen.
The prison guard is at a loss for words.
Well, quit horsing around! Tch!
She throws the dick rock in frustration and rushes off.
The three of us move somewhere out of sight.
Thank you for helping us out there, Kurebayashi.
I didn’t have a choice after you attacked and showed me that.
The drawing paper we showed her had a message written on it.
You’re being framed for damaging property. Please work with us.
I hate getting dragged into trouble, but I hate being used by people even more.
Still, you got some serious improv skills. Thanks to you, we got her hook, line, and sinker.
Thanks, apparently I’m pretty good at acting.
As she said, she’s good at acting desperate.
Good enough to get the prison guard to come rushing out.
I’m glad there happened to be a penis-shaped rock.
That’s no accident. I got it out.
How?
Like this.
Kurebayashi pokes her throat with her index finger.
Ugh, ngh, ugh, ngh...
Bleeeeeeeegh...
And she hacks up a stone the size of a hairball, like a cat.
This really comes in handy.
......
Swallowing this rare stone I found really paid off.
......
I think to myself that maybe I should learn how to do that.
But why was Kurebayashi being used?
For one, I think it’s because it’s easy to establish an alibi. I’m always at the shipyard during my break every day, and all the guards know that. Another reason is—
If I thought it was someone I knew who did this, it would’ve dealt some psychological damage.
Kurebayashi agrees.
From what it seemed, you were in more danger than I was.
You’re not wrong. That’s why I’m thankful you helped us. Hehe.
The Chief’s laugh lifts my mood.
But Kurebayashi’s expression remains stoic.
There’s one more thing I haven’t figured out.
What’s that?
How were you so certain that I wasn’t the one who did it?
The hair does establish that Kurebayashi is the likely culprit.
Even if she wasn’t, there was no guarantee she would help us.
I thought you would be a more distrustful person.
I am, but not him.
She nods her head in my direction.
There’s no way I would doubt you.
Why not?
......? How could I doubt a fellow fan?
......
I’ve recently been talking to Kurebayashi about our interests.
It’s difficult to trust someone in this prison.
But there are many ways to determine who you can.
It seems like I owe you one.
Kurebayashi tears up the message so as to not leave any evidence and scatters it in the wind.
I’ll be sure to repay this debt. I hate having to owe someone.
She leaves after saying that.
Now, we should have enough information now.
The Chief flips her jacket on her shoulder and starts walking.
Let’s go, kid. It’s time to come up with a strategy after we eat.
Between eight and nine is correspondence time.
We can go for check-ups and consultations, or receive updates and warnings from the guards.
Have you gone through the list yet?
But as we already know what’s going on, we have some spare time.
Perhaps we have the Hatae name to thank for our relative freedom in this respect, too.
Yes. I went through it with a fine-tooth comb. Here is the list of former Hatae Clan members who were in the Sex Crimes Ward.
The Chief and her allies seem to use this time slot to conduct secret meetings.
Hmm, I see.
What did you find out?
Take a look at this, kid.
She hands me a paper with a handwritten note.
It’s a detailed list of information on the former Hatae members who passed through the Sex Crimes Ward.
When they were brought in, which cells they were in, which work area they were assigned, which correctional officer they reported to...
What they all had in common was...
There are a lot of second-class inmates.
Hehe... Good instincts.
I’m sure you already know, but second-class and first-class inmates get different perks.
One of the big ones is access to gatherings. You can watch movies in the gym with snacks and drinks; second-classers can go once a month, while first-class inmates can go twice.
Any of you ever go to one of them?
I’ve only gone once. I’m not a big fan of sweets, and the movie was filled with boring prison propaganda.
I love snacks, juice, and boring movies! But I can’t leave the mess hall.
I only drink pure fruit juice. Besides, I only have hot green tea with my snacks. And I’d rather make a movie than watch one... Hehe.
I’ve never gone either.
At one point, I was a second-class model inmate.
But my timing was bad, and I never got to participate in a gathering.
Soon I was dropped to the lower prisoner status with the game incident, and I never got another chance.
Which means this seems pretty fishy, right?
There’s something behind these gatherings.
It’s natural to sense that, and it’s well worth going once to find out.
Hanada’s been dropped to lower status after getting sent to solitary too many times. And Umezu can’t afford to leave the kitchen to attend either.
Shimonuma is second class, and I’m a first class, but we’d stand out too much.
If the Chief or the Trio make a move, they’ll draw too much attention.
It should be someone who is more flexible and flies under the radar.
I’ll go.
Then I’m the only logical choice.
I’ll be the Hatae Clan’s enforcer.
(END)
I see, in order to increase your self-esteem, it’s important to affirm your challenges and failures and write them down in something like a notebook...
Captain Sofiya!
What is it?
Prisoner number 0720’s conduct has improved greatly...
What do you mean?
Good morning, ma’am!
I’ve cleaned the toilet and the windows!
What’s going on?!
You must be tired. Please have a seat here. I’ll order food for you!
This is a good thing.
Yes.
Isn’t it a good thing?!
Yes!
Excuse me, boss! You have a stray thread...
Oh, uh, thanks...
......
......
Oh!
But it’s a little unsettling...
In order to become a second-class model inmate again, I need the prison guards’ approval.
That’s true...
Good behavior, work conduct, and personality are all evaluated.
If I want to be promoted, I will need the guards to like me.
Ahhhh!
At first, I didn’t know how to get the guards to like me.
You seem really bad at that kind of thing.
I want them to love me for who I am naturally.
That’s selfish.
I’ve never had to suck up to people before, so I was at a loss.
However, I wanted to help the Chief in any way I could.
......?!
Gaaaaah?!
Struck by a sudden pain, I collapsed.
Hey, are you okay, Shuichiro?! We need to get you to a doctor!
You’ve got a bladder stone...
......
At such a young age...
That’s how much stress I was under.
How to get people to like you?
Yeah.
You meet a lot of people with your job, so I figured you’d know.
I could always count on my sister.
You’ve asked the right person.
I know.
This job comes down to how important of a person you can get to like you.
I see.
That’s the only way the young and low-skilled talent can survive.
Only way to survive.
It comes down to how much you can use being a young woman to your advantage and get them interested!
......!
I decide to follow my sister’s advice thoroughly.
First is your personality. Energetic people are more attractive.
People always tell me I’m low-energy.
How about trying to end your sentences with exclamation marks?
Boss! I’ve carried the leftover food from the cafeteria to the pig farm!
Oh, thanks...
Wazzappenin!
God, that was loud...
I try to focus on speaking clearly and loudly when I talk.
You’ll need to be able to greet people. I learned in school to always say hello, even to strangers.
Even to strangers.
Hello!
Yes, hello.
What is |with| this boy?
I started to greet strangers with a smile as well.
What do I do about people who don’t respond to me?
There’s a trick to that. You keep greeting them until they respond. That can also give you a chance to talk with some scary people.
Hello!
......
Hello!!!
Hello there...
What the hell?
So I start greeting people who don’t respond to me multiple times.
And when you’re listening, don’t disagree. Agree with everything they say.
Agree with them.
Most so-called important people talk about the most boring things.
Boring.
They’re so used to their positions that they put in zero effort to make their stories compelling, but they still end up sulking when you don’t listen.
They sulk.
That’s why we use these three phrases to make it through. ‘Really?’ ‘I didn’t know that.’ ‘That’s amazing.’
......!
What are you looking at the calendar for? I bet you were thinking that it’s fun testicle Friday. How disgusting.
Today is Tuesday.
Then twofer testicle Tuesday!
That’s such a good point!
No matter how wrong they are, I decide to agree with anything the guards say.
I just heard something crazy. Did you know that shagging means fucking?
Really?!
Yeah, so Shaggy’s a guy who fucks all the time, in other words, a sicko!
I didn’t know that!
That definitely brings ‘that show’ to a whole new level!
That’s amazing!
No matter how boring their stories are, I use my sister’s magic phrases to get by.
I’ve also started taking the initiative to do work that others don’t want.
I take on night duty on a daily basis, making sure there is enough coal in the furnace to last us through the night.
......
Sofurin is standing behind me.
The guards have all noticed how well-behaved you’ve become recently.
Thank you very much!
But I don’t trust it. You are one of the sickest sickos this prison has ever seen.
Yes, ma’am!
People like you never get better. You might be able to trick the others, but not me.
Yes, ma’am!
There’s no way someone who talks to his own dick could go straight.
I’m sorry, who talks to his own dick?
......?!
Male genitalia can’t talk.
......!
People who think that way... are crazy.
......
Did all my instruction... |work|?
I lie to myself, doing everything I can to get people to like me.
I’m sorry, Amatsu.
Don’t worry about it, Shuichiro... It’s all to achieve our objective.
My policy is to do whatever is most effective to achieve my objective.
I’m not the only one working hard.
So the Chief was like, ‘Great, that’s all I need. More |dyin’.|’ This thug runs off and he comes back with a foreigner, so obviously she asks, ‘Who’re you?’
And then they said, ‘I’m an exchange student. My name is |Diane|.’
Hahaha! Is that true, Ozawa?
Ozawa is working hard trying to get the guards to like him with his entertaining stories.
You always were a suck-up, buddy.
Shut up. I’m doing the best I can now.
When I ask him, there’s a reason he’s working so hard.
This ‘H’ issue is crucial to the Chief. Once it’s taken care of, you know what’ll happen?
She’ll get a lot of credit.
Right? That’s why the young Hatae members are desperate. They might be able to claim the empty seat as the heir to the family.
I see.
If the seat’s that good, maybe I want one too.
I mean, if you come in here on an assignment that’s one thing, but if you get yourself arrested, it’s usually kinda hard to get promoted. This’s our chance, so no wonder we’re motivated!
I see.
Everyone is doing their best to win this seat or whatever.
I want to be liked by the prison guards, just like Ozawa.
......
What is it?
......
What?!
Seriously, what is |with| him lately?
But I’m not used to talking with girls.
And a lot of the guards are women.
So working the guards means working members of the opposite sex.
What can I do to talk to women better?
Fine, I’ll teach you. There are actually some magic words.
There are?
Kurebayashi teaches me an incredible secret about women.
‘What’s wrong? You need to talk?’
......
......
According to the internet, those are the only words you ever have to say to a woman.
I see...
Now that I have the opportunity, I start researching women.
What is something you like for men to do for you?
What? Like them reaching for your hand?
I see.
What?
I don’t really understand, but I write it down.
If you want them to like you, a present should be nice. Everyone likes gifts.
Dr. Higuchi proves as reliable as ever.
What kind of item would you like?
Like a thank-you letter would be great! I was so moved when a girl I was taking care of gave me a letter back when I was a resident. It had so many emotions packed in!
What is something you would like to get that isn’t filled with emotion?
Diamonds...?
So, rocks are good. I write that down.
If that person seems troubled, you should give them some helpful advice.
Kurebayashi explains.
I was told to nod along.
That’s good too. Most women just want to be listened to, not to have their problems solved.
I see.
So what’s important is to give them a push. Not to give them a solution they never asked for.
That too.
I read it online.
If the internet says it, it |has| to be true.
People who don’t understand that are fools. You could even call them big idiots.
I continue to research women.
......
Yes, what is it?
There’s no need to ask her, I think to myself.
Oh, I haven’t done this month’s yet, boss. Is it okay if I do it now?
Is that right? Then okay.
Crappymori takes Melon Farm’s hand and makes a stupid face.
Hmm, your emotion line is longer than last month. It’s extending all the way to your middle finger. There’s a good chance you’ll become a good wife and mother.
If I could ever get married...
Hm?! Your wedding line has grown since last time! Wedding bells could be sooner than you think, hehe.
Palms can’t change that drastically, I think to myself.
Are divinations good?
What? Most people like fortune readings.
I’ve never believed in them.
But women do... They get happy when you just give them good news. Hehe.
Crappymori only has her accent going for her, but she’s very talented at getting the guards to like her.
I see.
This is something I might be able to imitate, I think to myself.
I decide to study up on fortune-telling.
Been a long time, how’ve you been? Get me a book on fortune-reading.
Uh, what?
I’m not very familiar with the books, so I ask Chisato when I run into her.
What kind do you think is good?
T-Tarot cards seem nice.
Like this or this have a lot written about them... you’ll need the cards, though...
If I’m doing this, I want to do it right.
To do Tarot readings, I’ll need cards.
Did you finish what I asked for?
Yeah, how’s this?
Perfect.
I asked the Chief to draw up some homemade cards.
Here, I wanted to repay you as soon as I could anyway.
Kurebayashi digitized them for printing.
I suppose if it’s a favor for you, I can do that for you.
I use my connections to get them printed nicely.
I had a hard time studying Tarot reading, as it barely held my interest, but from time to time I did learn something interesting.
Like when I was reading a book about how you should never trust fortune tellling.
I wonder what the Barnum effect is.
Uh, um, it’s when you say something really general that could apply to anyone, and people think it’s about them?
I see.
Now I’m ready.
(END)
Ah, I’m so annoyed.
Hello, my name is Kanna Higata.
I’m a twenty-six-year-old correctional officer who works in General Affairs at Tulip Prison.
This is my third year on the job. I’m not a newbie, but I’m not that experienced either. I’m not special at all.
Normally, I would be working on the budget for accounting or dealing with a lot of paperwork.
It’s tedious work that never gets recognized.
Hey, boss! I was asked to deliver this to the captain of the Serious Offences Ward... Hehe...
Whenever the inmates come around, the only thing they ever bring is a hassle.
Finally, someone brings it to me... stupid fucking criminals, sprint it over, you dumbasses.
Thank you so much. I’ll take care of that, you can just leave it there.
I bet people think General Affairs is everyone’s personal handyman or something.
It’s hard to understand the way she speaks.
Among the correctional officers here, the only ones who get any respect are the ones who deal with the most dangerous sickos.
I wonder why that is.
Even though an organization can’t function without someone to monitor the budget.
Is it just me, or do we talk the same? Are you copying me? Hahaha.
Of course not. Who would copy a crazy bitch like you?
Hahaha, of course not. Please don’t pick on me.
Ah, this place annoys me so much.
If I really became a woman, I’d let you fuck me.
And the inmates are sickos.
Are chinchillas dirty animals?
And my coworkers are idiots.
Are the small claims not done yet? Is this a zoo full of sloths? Blah, blah, blah, blah, whine, whine, whine...
And the supervisor’s always on my ass.
What do you expect when you work at a weird place like that? Why don’t you just come home?
And my parents give terrible advice.
At this rate, I’ll never get a boyfriend. Something has to change.
If it’s so hard, just get married already and come home. That’s all a woman needs to be happy.
......
I’m so fed up with everything.
Wheedle is shouldering Captain Yugao’s work again. I don’t know how she does it.
Women are always talking about each other behind their backs.
‘I work so hard at my job!’ Is that it? Can you imagine sucking up that much?
Wheedle is the nickname they gave me.
It started with the inmates because they said I had a wheedling voice, but the guards started using it too.
Her voice is just so irritating. It’s way too soft. I bet she uses that voice in bed with her boyfriend too.
How can she be a guard with tits that huge? Hahaha...
I always pretend not to hear them.
I don’t use |any| voice in bed with my boyfriend.
I mean, I’m not even interested in romance.
Ever since back in grade school, when I had a male teacher mock my breasts as they developed, I have had a biological disgust for men.
That’s why I became a correctional officer to punish people.
You finally finished the calculations? Okay, good. Then do this too by tomorrow.
They always make me do boring busywork.
They want to push it on me so they can have an easier time.
Tch, what a fucking hassle.
Yes, okay!
Still, I always give them a smile, making sure not to offend anyone.
Hah, stop pushing every fucking thing on me.
I don’t have a choice.
People without any talent or abilities need to suck up to others in order to survive.
You there.
Huh?
I need you for something. Come with me.
The classroom I’m taken to is unnaturally dark.
Not a single ray from the setting sun pokes through, but I doubt he’s here to do something horrible to me.
What the fuck, buck-naked sicko, you’d better not have brought me any trouble.
What’s the matter? Let me know if you’re having trouble with anything.
Your voice is hard to listen to.
But Exhibitiman is one of the inmates we’ve kept an eye on, and there’s a rumor that he’s a chad.
And there’s a rumor that he’s the Hatae Clan butter dog. I have to really watch out for him.
The High Priestess in the upright position—you are troubled by something about yourself, aren’t you?
What...?
Am I wrong?
Most people have issues with themselves. Aren’t you fucking dealing with your habit of getting naked all the time?
Wow, you’re right. How did you know?
It’s because I felt a faint negative energy from you.
Negative energy.
If I had anything like that, I know I’d make sure not to show anyone.
You don’t need to keep up appearances for me.
Please relax and listen to the cards.
......
What is up with him?
What does he think he knows about me?
The Star is in the upright position—you are generally the dedicated type who is kind to others.
That’s me to a tee.
Temperance in the reverse position—there’s a short-tempered and selfish part of you.
That’s me to a tee.
The Chariot in the reverse position.
You seek love from the bottom of your heart.
That’s me to a tee...
This is all describing me perfectly.
H-How do you know?
I find myself asking him.
Just then, Number 0720 puts his elbow on the desk and asks me casually.
What’s wrong? You need to talk?
And so I start telling him my life story.
How my work and love life are going terribly, how I hate the inmates, how stupid my coworkers are, and how my parents are unhelpful.
I reveal everything to this inmate in front of me.
What do I do?
My chest feels tight, and I let it all out without thinking.
What am I supposed to do now?
It’ll be okay.
But Number 0720 squeezes my hand with a calm expression on his face.
I know you can do it.
When was the last time I felt a man’s touch?
......
Wow, this person really understands me?
Could he be... my soulmate?
I want to give you a special rock present.
What is that?
It’s a bladder stone.
......
I pulled it out, just for you.
How wonderful...
Please keep on working hard, but not too hard.
That day, I feel a certain sensation for the first time.
I love you...
The inmate in front of me is radiant in my eyes.
Anyway, the fortune-telling plan worked.
You are insecure about your academics and intelligence.
I just say any general thing that could apply to anyone.
That’s totally me...
I don’t say anything concrete while simply encouraging her.
Do your best.
And then I squeeze her hand.
I don’t want it...
And gift the rock.
Eventually, rumors go around that my fortune readings are accurate, and the guards begin to visit me.
Honestly, fortune readings are so unscientific... It’s probably just the Barnum effect, right, Natsumi?
And I slowly begin to win the trust of the guards.
Natsumi, come here. Why are you lining up? Come back here. Natsumi, Natsumi.
It appears that women do in fact love fortune telling.
I soon run out of rocks, and consequently gifts to give.
Good, there are no more rocks coming out. Isn’t that great?
There really won’t be any more?
That’s a good thing, though.
Of course, I’m working hard at my other work as well.
Number 0720, regarding your recent work ethic...
......
It’s a yes! Keep it up!
Thank you very much!
Take this as a reward.
What is it?
A cucumber.
Thank you very much!
Something crosses my mind, and I decide to ask.
Do you like fortune readings too?
Fortune readings? Heh, they’re stupid as hell. People should be carving out their own paths.
That’s so cool!
I don’t want anyone telling me what to do.
It seems that not every woman loves fortune-telling.
By the way, apparently your lucky item is something green and long.
......
Chief, what’s up with that cucumber?
It’s nothing. Forget about it.
Now that my reputation is up, I need the important people to see me.
Everyone says they’ve done it... maybe I’ll have him read my fortune too...
Excuse me.
I have been expecting you, Captain Shikolenko.
I had been waiting for Sofurin, the officer in charge of my evaluation.
Please take a look at this.
......
This is the graph of Number 0720’s recent work.
Excel.
And this is a presentation of Prisoner Number 0720’s activity over the last two weeks.
PowerPoint.
And for those reasons, I believe Number 0720 should be promoted to second class.
......
What about my fortune?
And as a result of my presentation...
One morning, a storm blows in.
Ozawa, check the inmate work list and get ready to split them up! The Trio will go with the COs and head on out first!
Copy that, Chief!
The prison is old, and when the wind blows hard enough, the building creaks, and areas are destroyed.
Unfortunately, mining work will not be suspended today! Please be careful as you do your work!
So on days like this, the guards and inmates must come together and unify to ensure each other’s safety.
Today will be a special shift. Supervisors, keep your eyes open!
Copy that!
This is the first storm since I became a mediator, so I don’t know what I should be doing.
I’ve been tasked with checking the electric generator.
Electricity is usually supplied by cables that originate from a different island, but during storms, there are often outages due to issues on the power plant’s end.
When you have a coal mine operating for twenty-four hours a day, any interruption in the power supply can be dangerous.
That’s why Tulip Prison has its own large generator, which can distribute electricity to the whole facility.
You’re going to go check the generator? Then make sure you prioritize sending power to the Sex Crimes Ward at night. There are a lot of inconveniences if it’s dark.
If I do that, won’t the other wards find themselves with issues?
......? So?
......
It seems that the wards fight over the limited energy from the generator.
If you’re going to go look at the generator, make sure you prioritize powering the Serious Offences Ward. Or else you won’t be getting a good night’s sleep.
Every officer I meet gives me the same threat.
Oh, you’re heading to check on the generator? Make sure you prioritize power to the Obscenity Ward, because we’re going on patrol as well!
......
I think to myself that Sofurin must take the heat at times like this.
Hey, kid. You’re heading to the generator now?
You want me to prioritize the power to you?
......?
If my idol only wished it, I’d be happy to tilt the power distribution her way.
Look, I’m sure you don’t know what you’re doing since it’s your first time, so I’ll come with you to keep you out of danger.
......
Keep you out of danger.
The Chief is going to come with me.
When I go outside, it’s nothing bad, just a lot of rain.
Thunder.
Thunder rumbles after the flash of lightning.
I wonder if they have a lightning rod here.
......
Do you think they have one, Chief?
Yeah, I’m sure they do... I mean, they’d better.
Just then, there is a flash right in front of us.
Ah...
......
......
......
Is there anyone who actually likes lightning?
No.
I’m asking you if there are people who actually like lightning!
I’m more scared of Taeka’s lightning.
Phew... Good grief, I’m soaked. Why couldn’t they put this somewhere closer!
We finally make it to the gymnasium.
What? You think it’s funny that I was scared of lightning?
No, nothing like that...
......?
I think it’s cute that the Chief is only scared of lightning.
The last boss was someone who really got excited over thunder. He’d take me out in the rain and lift me up high. Then one time there was a lightning strike right in front of me.
......
Just remembering it now sends a chill down my spine... Now that I’m taller, it might hit me...
The reason behind her phobia is a lot more traumatizing than I imagined.
The large generator is located in the basement here.
I’ll go take a look. Don’t worry, I’m just gonna check the color of the panel. Go dry your clothes or something.
That wouldn’t be right.
Come on, this was my job to begin with, so it’s fine.
Apparently, this was the Chief’s job to begin with.
......
I’m starting to think that she brought me along because she’s scared of lightning.
There are stairs from the gym that will lead down to the basement.
The Chief heads over casually.
......
I haven’t been to the gym that often.
Not since I first came to the prison and got a prize for saving Sofurin.
Apparently, this is where we’d be let loose if the yard were unusable due to snow or something, but it’s not a place I’ve ever been inclined to visit.
It’s very big...
I’m told the gym is big enough to fit the whole prison population.
There’s a podium on the stage and a screen behind.
It’s usually rolled up, but someone left it down.
I’m guessing someone used it recently.
Oh, have we got a |rat| in here?
I turn around.
Pretty large, though. Maybe got big from nibbling on special privileges.
It’s Hazuki Yugao from the Serious Offenses Ward.
Hello!
You’re well trained. Did your master tell you to greet people with a smile?
She approaches, tapping a slow staccato with her cane.
There’s a peculiar sense of pressure.
Something different from the Chief and the boss of the Gijin Clan. Something strangling and sly.
Hello!
So where’s your master now?
Hello!!!
I came to ask about the generator.
Hello!!!!
Shut up.
She hits me in the face with her cane.
Anyway, I almost didn’t recognize you. Is that you, boy?
Yes, I am serving my sentence with a newfound sense of duty!
Hehe, such a ridiculous lie... you just want the second-class status.
Her eyes pierce right through me like she knows everything.
That’s why you’re sucking up to everyone, acting like a real bitch.
......
Unfortunately, I hate people like that. It makes me want to stomp on them and teach them a lesson.
Teach them who their real masters are. Teach them exactly |which| of the guards they should be serving the most.
Her eyes look down on everything.
This is who Captain Yugao is at her core.
I don’t know what Sofiya is telling you, but unfortunately, you’re not getting back to second-class status.
I’m not letting an inmate from the Serious Offenses Ward or the Obscenity Ward get promoted to second class that easy.
Why is Captain Yugao telling me all this?
I can’t see her motive.
Because you’re a deviant... who talks to his own groin.
......
I can’t show her my true colors, not until I can see hers.
I don’t do anything weird like that! I’ve had a change of heart!
I quell my feelings the best I can and give her a smile.
Oh, I see. Then there’s no problem. Tulip Prison’s goal is to rehabilitate sickos with twisted sexual dispositions.
This is all for my idol.
Then pass along my message to your master... I want to talk about the generator.
(END)
......
You might catch a cold from the rain.
You always hold up an umbrella for me.
What do you want to do about Number 0720?
I’ll monitor him a little longer.
I don’t mind letting him dig his own grave.
Despite what Captain Yugao said, I was promoted to second class.
From what I hear, Sofurin recommended me, and the others gave me a positive evaluation as well.
The inmates are talking that Exhibitiman is an even bigger suck-up than Crappymori.
It’s all to fulfill my objective.
They also call you Lady-killer, Player, Buck-Naked Gigolo, and Loose as a Drawstring...
......
Now I have the right to participate in second-class gatherings.
Let’s go, Ozawa.
Yeah! Let’s see what they’ve got.
The time has come for the Hatae Clan enforcers to roll out.
On a day off, once you’ve left your cell, you can’t go back until evening.
Listen, just don’t do anything to draw attention to yourself.
Don’t get greedy. If anything happens, you make sure you get away.
I keep the Chief’s warning in mind as I head to the gymnasium.
There are two inmates by the entrance.
......
Why aren’t the correctional officers the ones guarding the door?
There are no chairs in the gymnasium, and the inmates are sitting on the floor.
Sitting still, holding their knees.
There are about thirty to fifty of them.
Here’s your treats for the day. Please take them and have a seat.
Hey! They’ve got cookies and cola!
......!
We are provided with zoo-zoos.
A small pack with thirteen cookies and a strange brand of cola you’d find at a discount supermarket.
You almost never get these in prison! I’m starting to drool...
It’s a perk.
I’m thinking that I’m going to treasure these chocolates and cola.
So are we watching a movie today?
Yeah, although they’re always educational. According to the program, it’s... uhhh.
Singin’ in the Rain.
Never heard of it.
Apparently the main character kills someone and confesses on a rainy day.
The screen in front is set up for this.
If something were to happen, it would be during the movie while it’s dark.
Damn it, it’s always so dusty in here!
A man sitting diagonally from me keeps dusting off his shoulders, and the constant motion keeps catching my eye.
The time comes, and the lights go out.
Everyone quiets down as it becomes dark.
......
But what begins isn’t the movie.
Hey, isn’t that...?
It’s someone.
Haha...
It’s Captain Julia Agatsuma.
Hello, my lost sheep. Beche.
The people around me start spouting nonsense.
Ozawa.
B-Beche!|Beche!
I decide that I need to copy what they’re doing.
We were planning to show a movie today, but we are having equipment trouble due to the storm.
Which is why I am here to give you an impromptu lesson.
Everyone breaks into applause.
Although, of course, I doubt it will be as entertaining as the film.
But my sermon has been adapted to be more accessible to you sicko inmates.
As you all know, Francis Xavier came to Japan to spread the word of the Gospel hundreds of years ago.
The missionaries of that time came to these lands to spread their teachings through the language barrier.
Which is why, with your help, I have translated my teachings into Sicko-ese so you may better understand them.
This is not the Holy Bible, but the Vible, if you will.
And here, I take a pinch of salt.
Captain Agatsuma grabs the salt placed on the stage and spins around.
Salt was originally used in Shinto for purification. Although it is not related to the Lord I serve, it is something I’m sure you’re all familiar with.
Mm, mm... I really wanted to watch a movie.
Yeah.
Just scatter this salt around and there, the purification is complete. This is just a formality, and you don’t need to think about it too much.
I munch on the chocolates while I observe.
This is the teaching of my church. ‘Smile and chant, and you shall receive.’
In other words, if you recite this mantra with a smile, you will ward off negative energy and be able to enter heaven.
We call this karnu, and it is our mission.
I hear her throw around a strange word.
I regain my composure and look at my surroundings.
In order to accumulate merits, or olapif, you need to take great care of your actions in the real world.
The gathering is a lot quieter and more reserved than I expected, so it’s going to be hard for anyone to pull any stunts here.
Then how do you repent? Through observing rituals, that is, potowoopie.
I start to wonder about everyone around me.
Mankind’s original sin is desire, or hiwawaipi. Everyone here’s gravest hiwawaipi is sexual desire.
Everyone is giving Sister Julia their undivided attention.
However, we, the pipitamimi, are sheep seeking salvation. We are all fellow sinners, endub-furifuries.
They are hellbent on not missing a single word.
Carry out potowoopie to hold down the hiwawaipi and expel the mopopporo in your heart, and you will be guided to the kingdom of God!
Rapt, as if hearing the true word of God—
I see, by carrying out the purifying potowoopie that holds down the hiwawaipi, I can expel the mopopporo.
......
Suddenly, I feel a strange uneasiness.
Stop eating, Ozawa.
Huh, why?
Something’s off with this.
My pulse quickens.
Thank you! Pikukunkusa! You are all devout pipitamimi!
Each time Sister Julia speaks...
Understanding these words is proof that you have all been chosen! Isn’t that right?
...my body feels like it’s floating.
Ah, ah! God’s kingdom was built for you! There is nothing to fear!
I feel my blood coursing through my body, and all my senses are being expanded.
........! What is this? My head feels fuzzy...!
Something is off...
I don’t feel bad... it’s actually...
Now, my puppae, it is time to repent! Repent with us!
Actually, I feel good.
I feel all floaty... What is this?!
The cheers and clapping grow louder.
The inmates next to me are screaming as they drool.
......
An unsettling feeling overwrites all the pleasantness.
But then it is in turn overwritten by the pleasantness.
What is going on, Amatsu?!
I don’t know, but look.
......
I have an erection.
Perhaps it’s because of my improved blood flow, but Amatsu’s fully awakened.
This is bad.
We might be in trouble here... Shuichiro, we should get out of here!
No, we can’t now!
We’re here to blend in and not draw attention. If we leave now, people will take notice.
And we haven’t found anything out yet.
I can’t turn away until we find a lead.
Oh? It seems we have some poor sheep who are confused about our teachings.
......
The surrounding inmates all look in the same direction.
What, us?!
It’s a meek couple sitting three rows in front of us.
They are also inmates who were just promoted to second class.
Now, come up on stage! Everyone, give them a round of applause!
The two head to Sister Julia, pushed on by the clapping.
May I have your names?
Oh, I’m Monster Pad Eater.
Peach Butt Steal.
No, no, no. There’s no need for your nicknames here. Please tell us your real names.
Yoshito Suzuki.
Moriko Takabayashi.
Muhihipikukunkusa... Everyone, give them a round of applause!
At Sister Julia’s urging, a cacophony of applause assaults the stage.
The couple flinches, but accepts the attention.
You are burdened by mopopporo like the inmates here... It’s very sad.
However, that is not your sin. It is the original sin carried by all mankind, and can only be erased with prayers.
Now, come this way. This salt is for the puffin.
She sprinkles the white powder over the two of them as they squat down.
Then she takes out a whip.
Hyah!
Ah, ow!
And swings it down hard.
Hey, what are you doing?!
Out, you demon! Fngh! Out!
Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh!
She frantically whips them with great fervor.
The two inmates scream as they are hit by the whip.
Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhh!
However, Sister Julia screams even louder.
This is my sin for whipping you! I’m doing it to save you! Ahhhhhh!
Tears stream down her face as she clenches her teeth, swinging her arm down again and again.
Hah... hah...!
Ow...!
W-Why are you doing this...?
Demons fear pain... Hah... By doing this, you expel the evil residing inside you.
She says as she snuggles up behind the inmates she’s whipped.
Pokukunkusa... Ahh, muhihipokukunkusa...! I’m sure it hurt... It must have been awful... Ngh, if only I could have helped you sooner... Ah...!
Captain Agatsuma...
Ahhhhhhhhhh!
Then suddenly, she begins whipping her own back.
W-What are you doing, Captain Agatsuma?!
It hurts! Ahhhhhhh! It hurts!
Please stop!
I will not stop!
She continues to flay herself with bloodshot eyes.
If I can save you by whipping my own body, then this is nothing!
Saving you is my duty!
Ahhhhhhh! It hurts!
She continues to whip herself for the inmates while tears stream down her face.
Ahhhhhh! She is so full of love!
I’m so jealous! Please release my mopopporo too!
The spectators look on as if they’re witnessing something precious.
Hah, hah... welcome to the world of salvation.
Uh, hehe... Thank you very much!
Thank you very much! Thank you!
Thus, the two of them feel like they’ve gone through a monumental experience.
Now, everyone, another round of applause! Let’s all welcome these new endub-furifuries!
They can’t stop crying.
It’s like a huge brainwashing seminar.
Brainwashing...
That’s right. This is brainwashing.
There’s no way mere words could do all of this.
There has to be some trick.
Something like drugs.
Ozawa! Find the drugs!
D-Drugs? You mean this chocolate... or cola?
Or it’s being distributed by gas.
But there’s no strange smell.
Pikukunkusa! Let us increase our pipitamimi, and make this world a better place!
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ozawa?!
I’m acting, dumbass! Or else it’ll be our turn getting dragged up on stage!
I look up at the stage.
Perhaps the answer is up there.
In that case...
Now, if we... what’s this?
This is the most logical step.
I still hold evil in my heart! Please drive out the demon inside me!
Oh, my! It appears we still have a sinner among us!
In that case, I will help you atone for your sins! That is my mission! My role!
The whip comes down on my back.
There is a searing pain.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Out, you demon!
Where is it?
Where is this brainwashing drug being hidden?
How is that?! Your demon is being driven out!
Not yet! I still sense it!
I don’t see anything like that hidden around here.
Is it gone yet?!|Deeeemooooooon!!!
There are so many still!
Not under the desk either.
There are demons everywhere!
Not yet?! They’re tough ones!
I look around the entire gymnasium, but see nothing resembling drugs.
Hah... Hah...!
Hah, ah... Hah!
You have so many demons...
I don’t spot anything.
Nowhere this drug “H” could be hidden.
This holy whip doesn’t just inflict pain on the body. Driving out the evil will only let it fester. We must apply a healing salve.
Here, take this hippekt... the holy salt of puffin.
She sprinkles salt on me.
......
White powder. This must be it.
I still sense the demon!
Please continue driving out my demons!
Then get ready!
Eventually, I no longer feel any pain.
I go numb, and my pain receptors stop working.
Hah! Hah, out! Hah!
As she pants laboriously, I find an opening.
I grab a handful of the salt on the stage.
Hah! Hah! The demon is gone now...
Everyone! Another pipitamimi has been born! Yes, salvation is here! We are with our Lord!
The crowd erupts in cheers.
I can’t even make a sound due to the pain.
Now, my pipitamimi, let us achieve karnu and offer our prayers, our pyupusha, to our Lord!
Arameolapif!
The gathering ends with this final, strange word.
(END)
