Ow...
I let out a groan when a sticky liquid is applied to my back.
Come on, man up. Scars are like a yakuza’s medal of honor... except you’re still a civvy, kid.
The Chief is applying a salve to the wounds formed when Sister Julia whipped me.
If we had gone to the medical ward, we would have dragged Dr. Higuchi into this.
The one brainwashing everyone was the captain of the Sex Crimes Ward, Julia Agatsuma.
I accurately report the events of yesterday.
She uses religion to control the second-class inmates, and she might be using drugs to do it.
I smuggled the white powder I grabbed yesterday inside a toothpaste tube.
I hand it over to the Chief.
I thought I told you not to stick out.
The Chief says coldly.
I didn’t stick out, I just got whipped. Right, Ozawa?
Hah... Well, I suppose you didn’t really stick out that much in that situation...
Good grief, this is the problem with daredevils. I thought I told you to stay safe.
She hides the tube inside her clothing and lets out a sigh.
It’s true that it wouldn’t be that difficult to brainwash someone if drugs were on the table.
Flood anyone’s system with enough drugs, and they’ll stop being able to make normal decisions. You create an addict that’ll do anything to get high. It fucking makes me sick to my stomach.
There’s true rage behind her voice.
That could be one of the reasons the Hatae Clan doesn’t touch the drug trade.
However, from what I hear, it’s not that kind of brainwashing. We don’t know if this is ‘H’ or not yet, but you’re definitely on to something.
I figured some yakuza was involved! I can’t believe it!
Yes. To think the captain is involved herself... She always seemed so suspicious, it comes as a shock to learn that she was actually up to no good.
For real! She’s as shady as you!
Hehehe...
A correctional officer, and a captain at that, is using drugs to brainwash people.
That is something nobody could have seen coming.
I thought about it all night.
Let’s hear it.
Why they were brainwashing people at the second-class gathering.
Model inmates are some of the best inmates in the prison.
She might be intentionally targeting such well-adjusted people.
That’s a real big crime. A bigger scandal than anything we’re involved in! Can we report this?!
To who and what? What if all the guards are in on it? You’ll just put yourself in danger.
If we exposed this to the people outside, even the prison couldn’t keep it all under wraps!
This is Tulip Prison. It’s not easy to contact the outside, and all messages are monitored.
Besides, we don’t even know if these are drugs for sure yet. Or that they’re being brainwashed. They could just call them passionate followers.
You guys should know how reluctant the top brass are when it comes to religion.
What if Sister Julia is conducting these brainwashings with all of that fully in mind?
It would make for a daring but meticulous plan.
And if that’s the case...
The question is, what she’s doing all this for?
That’s what I’m stuck on.
Why is Sister Julia brainwashing the inmates? For what purpose?
Good grief... We might’ve stuck our noses in some real shit here.
We feel ourselves getting swallowed into something vast and dark through this “H” issue.
Shuichiro... Shuichiro, it’s time to wake up. If you don’t wake up soon...
Thanks, Amatsu.
My daily routine as a mediator continues as my wounded back slowly recovers.
I wake up early every morning, broadcast the announcements, go on patrol, and do the various tasks that constitute night duty.
It’s Instafall’s birthday the day after tomorrow, and she’ll like me more if I get her a present! So I got Boss Yamagishi to help me get her some flowers...!
Another routine day.
The only thing different is my feelings.
Yes, I’m certainly glad to see my coworkers being appreciated. It’s my pleasure to support your celebration.
I-I knew you’d understand, boss! Haha, hehe!
......
She’s not saying anything strange, but the suspicion won’t disappear.
What’s wrong, Number 0720? Is there something on my face?
I just can’t help but wonder: What if she’s another one of the guards involved with the drugs?
There’s nothing wrong.
Those are pretty flowers. What are they called?
But it’s necessary for me to keep those feelings to myself.
Rafflesia.
We can’t let them get wind of what we know.
Exhibitiman, I heard we’re out of application forms. Could you request for more soon?
Where are the enemies hiding?
It’s almost my mom’s birthday. Maybe I’ll try to find the time to make her a book cover or something.
I don’t know who here is out to do me harm.
Number 0720! What are you slacking off for? Ever since you rose to second-class status, your drop in performance has been egregious!
It feels like the floor of my life is giving out from under me.
It’s been a while since we got to really sit down and talk like this, Mr. Mediator.
The Hatae Clan members told me not to tell anyone about what we found.
While I don’t suspect Mr. Kugitani, it’s safer if he doesn’t know.
I thought we were closer. You could’ve asked me to procure you the Tarot cards.
It seemed like something I could make myself.
There are a lot of things you could’ve done through me. Especially this time.
Like what?
Well, like get you a nice discount or find a set with cute art. I would’ve found something special.
I did have someone make me cute art. And it was specially made in prison.
That’s nice. Maybe I’ll have them put it on display at the prison work exhibit. It’s a bit funny to have inmates make a ‘Hung Man’ card.
That’s a good point.
I give a little smile.
Anyway, I heard you made a pretty tricky enemy.
My heart skips a beat.
W-Who would that be?
Captain Yugao. Rumor is that you had a run-in with her at the gymnasium.
Yeah.
Oh, that one, I think to myself.
I told you once that Yugao is the one who’s really in control of this prison. No good can come from getting her attention, not when she controls the SST.
That fully geared security team.
We had a big guy transfer in once, who’s been in the third-highest division in sumo. He always boasted about his strength, and you know what happened to him?
What?
Got sent straight to the med ward. Probably sipping his dinner through a straw right now. Apparently, his jaw got fucked up.
That’s something to worry about when the Queen Bee’s got her eye on you. Tread carefully. Just be mindful.
We may have more than one enemy we’re facing.
I mean, the only one who can |maybe| stand up to her is Captain Agatsuma.
......
Hey, what is it, Exhibitiman?
What?
You don’t look very well. I mean, it’s fine if it’s nothing. Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.
I feel this sinking feeling in my stomach I’ve never experienced before.
I’ve been continuing my training with the Chief.
Now do thirty push-ups followed by a hundred breathless strikes. Don’t hold back, kid!
Unf! Unf!|Unf! Unf!
It’s so much easier while I’m training because I don’t have to think about anything else.
Part of it could be because I’m with my idol, the Chief.
I’ve recently put on some muscle, and I’m able to hold my breath for quite a while.
I’d like to start doing things other than a middle strike.
Really? All of a sudden you’ve got a problem with my methods, huh? Okay, fine. Let’s hear why.
Because all I’ve done are middle strikes.
What’s wrong with that?
There are only a limited number of situations I can handle with only middle strikes.
Hmph. Kid, get in your stance. We’ll spar.
Thank you.
This might be the first time I’ve fought like this.
I may be facing the Chief, but I’m excited to be able to show the results of my training.
Just in case it’s not clear, you don’t need to hold back. It’s almost insulting.
I won’t. I’ll be giving it my all.
Good. When this hits the ground, the spar begins.
The Chief flicks a stone like she would a coin toss.
The stone flies straight up and falls following the same trajectory.
Then.
Shhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
She instantly closes the distance as it hits the ground.
She’s coming right at me from the front.
Right in range of the middle strike I’ve been working on all this time.
I know that she must have something in mind.
But I don’t hesitate. There is no move better than a middle strike for this range and position in my arsenal.
Unf!
But my fist only hits air.
She didn’t dodge it. She deflected it.
She changes the trajectory of my full-force middle strike with one arm and jumps into my immediate vicinity.
Guh?!
The blow feels like she’s ripped my organs out.
I let out a muffled scream and feel my legs give out. I crumple to the ground.
I try to stand up, but I don’t have the strength.
The best I can do is look up at the sky.
It was just one blow.
I’ve been subjected to beatings by the guards several times by now.
But this was on a completely different level.
It was a blow from an ultimate move.
Shit. That was pretty clean, even for me. You okay?
It hurts very much.
Oh, you can talk at least. That’s pretty good. Most people start crying like babies.
Goo, goo, waaah.
Not like that.
Right...
So, how was it facing me?
My middle strike didn’t work at all.
Yeah. So you want to try a different move?
I’ll do middle strikes.
What? That’s not what you were saying earlier.
A middle strike was without a doubt the best move for the situation. The reason it didn’t work was because I lacked proficiency.
There’s no point in adding more moves if I can’t even make them work in their ideal situations.
The Chief gives a satisfied smile.
Okay then. Continue your training then.
My stomach still hurts, but I stand up and resume my training.
Kid. You said you wanted an ultimate move.
I did. I still do.
Then keep perfecting that. You’re smart, but not nimble. It’s better for people like that to focus on one thing.
Really?
One day, you might be able to execute the move I just used on you. You might even surpass it.
Surpass you?!
A move perfected to its limit doesn’t care |what| the situation is. You can win with it no matter what’s going on. My predecessor was crazy enough to really do it, too.
Wow.
Well, if it wasn’t a showstopper... it wouldn’t be much of an ultimate move, would it?
......!
By perfecting the middle strike, I can overcome any situation.
I think to myself how cool that is.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
That’s why I continue throwing out strikes to perfect it.
Hehe. Men, you’re all the same with this stuff... Looks so fun, it’s making me jealous.
I forget about the pain from the Chief’s blow and focus my mind on my training.
By the way, how did that go?
No need to worry about it. It’s hidden where nobody’ll find it.
The Chief is looking after the toothpaste tube.
Because I was afraid I’d lose it on my own.
Where?
Well... You know girls have a lot of convenient places.
......!
I decide to not ask her any further.
What’s my next mission?
Let’s see. Yes, we need to find where this is coming from first.
If this really is a drug, then I doubt just any old officer is going to be able to get their hands on something like that.
There has to be a supplier.
In order to find our next course of action, it is probably best that we assume the white powder is drugs.
Then where did Sister Julia get her hands on those drugs?
If we could find out where she gets her supply, then that would be huge.
If we can get this to someone on the outside, we’ll be able to find out what kind of drug it is.
They can tell just from the drugs?
We just need to find the family who handles the type of drug. The dealer could be someone low on the totem pole, but if you follow the branches up, you’ll find the real culprit.
If we search their network from the outside in, we’ll eventually run into the one in the middle.
And if we find out what the drug is, we can find the connection to ‘H.’
It will also reveal what it was that drove the Hatae Clan members crazy.
However, it’s difficult to contact someone on the outside.
I think breaking out would be the quickest.
Like we could do that.
Maybe if we try hard enough.
I mean, maybe if we really tried. But the return doesn’t match the work we have to put in. We don’t even know if the drug is real.
Right...
Are you in a rush, kid?
Me? In a rush?
I don’t think I am, but I couldn’t say that out loud.
Don’t worry, I’ve got a person in mind I can contact from here. She’s part of Kita-Kyushu’s gang unit, and if she says she wants to meet up with me, even the prison couldn’t stop her.
She hates all things corrupt. It’s cool that she’s on the up and up, but she’s always nagging me about going to school and shit...
Can we really trust someone on the outside?
What do you mean?
They’re the people who locked me up, calling me an exhibitionist. Can we really trust them?
Can we really trust anyone, anywhere?
......
I suddenly feel really uneasy.
Okay, that’s enough training for the day.
Really?
You got hit in the solar plexus. You should rest. Come here.
The Chief beckons me over.
I approach her thinking she is going to give me something.
Here.
She stretches out her left arm and pushes my shoulder from the front.
......
I lose my balance over her extended left leg.
And fall on my back.
There we go.
My head is on her lap.
Somehow I find myself lying on the ground, and my head is on her lap.
How does that feel? Not too rough?
It feels very good.
Good...
The Chief’s voice sounds different than usual.
Something softer and kinder.
Come to think of it, you’re still a child... Sorry.
This is the first time I’ve lain on someone’s lap who wasn’t my sister.
I know it’s scary to suddenly lose the ground out from under you.
This is a very strange experience.
The Chief’s lap is very calming.
But we learned all this because you infiltrated the gathering for us.
It’s warm, with a different sweet smell from the cleaning facility’s detergent.
......
When I hear her voice...
You did good, kid.
I feel the murky feeling inside me melt away and pour out.
Take it slow, and your motivation will come back. So you should rest when you can.
I’m happy that the Chief didn’t tell me to quit if it’s too hard.
We swore a oath of loyalty to each other in our hearts.
A parent and child are inseparable—they can’t ever really be apart. That’s why I can’t just let you do what you want.
All I can do is... this.
She encourages me knowing my worries.
I’m sure that’s why people want to follow her.
Your lap is very relaxing.
Is that right?
Like a stone sauna.
I see. Although, I don’t get that comparison.
I feel myself becoming reinvigorated.
I want to become stronger.
No need to feel down. Your move would’ve worked on anyone else who wasn’t up to my level.
I want to become stronger than you.
Heh. That right? It’s gonna take you longer than you think.
She doesn’t make fun of me or laugh at me. She fully listens to me.
I feel myself becoming reinvigorated.
Listen, kid. No matter what happens, come back here.
It feels like all my anxiety and worry has been replaced with fuel to keep me going.
Come back to me whatever happens. I promise to have a place for you to come back to.
I can work even harder.
Now is the time to hold steady. We’ll find an avenue soon enough.
I promise myself that I’m going to be able to help her.
If you just endure this until then, luck will finally be on our side.
Chief! We got a problem!
Just then, Ozawa shows up.
What’s wrong, Ozawa? The kid and I are trying to relax.
Yeah, but it’s a real emergency! Some of our young members got into it with the Gijin Clan, and they took weapons!
......
I leap up.
The Chief stands up as well and flings her jacket over her shoulder.
We’ll have to pick this up later, kid. I’ll do it for you again if you do good.
We rush to the scene.
Everything is incredibly tense.
Fuck off, Kyushu rednecks!
Shut yer damn MOUTH!
Several young men are yelling at each other, separated only by some desks.
Calm the fuck down!
They’re all brandishing work knives and box cutters.
Cousins Shimonuma and Hanada are desperately trying to control the situation.
Look at you pissants who can’t do anything but hide between a woman’s legs! Seems to me like the Hatae Clan is full of babies!
There are about fifteen of them.
They’re all new members of the Gijin Clan yakuza.
Waaah! I want my mommy! Peek-a-boo!
You wanna die, bitch?!
Stop it! Lower your weapons, |all| of you. You don’t want to be waving those around in here.
The Gijin Clan members doing the provoking stop in their tracks when the Chief enters the scene.
Where are the guards?
Cousin Umezu is managing to stall them, but five minutes is all she can buy.
Still, the Gijin Clan shows no sign of backing off. They all have mocking smiles instead.
You’re the ones who pulled the knives out first. This is some bullshit!
That motherfucker insulted you, Chief! Their fucking family ain’t shit!
But it’s true that you started messing with them?
W-Well, yeah—!
You did it for me, I get that. I’m happy, but you need to calm down.
I’m sorry.
I’ve never seen a prison fight on this scale before.
The situation needs to be controlled before the guards show up or else there’s going to be trouble.
That means both sides were at fault here! Then let’s not do anything stupider and walk away—
We can’t do that, now can we, hmm?!
An old man slowly makes his way over.
It’s Old Man Jinbo, the Gijin Clan patriarch.
Once you draw a sword, you can’t sheathe it again until it sees blood. This is just a fight between some hot-blooded young ones. Why don’t we let them settle things between themselves?
What’s the point of doing something that doesn’t help either of us? If we don’t finish this before the guards show up, we’re all in for solitary.
The great Hatae Clan matriarch is suggesting something so weak? We’re yakuza. Time to step up and act like it.
This man is buying time.
That’s what my gut is telling me.
If a huge fight breaks out, the one who will be damaged the most is the Chief, the leader of the mediators.
I’m also a mediator. How about you do what I say here?
The Chief is thinking the same thing, so she is trying to settle things quickly.
But a fire that’s been lit can’t be extinguished so easily. From what I hear, it’s your side who threw the first punch. Doesn’t seem right to pull back now...
But the wily old patriarch isn’t going to let this opportunity slip.
If we gotta problem here, then this becomes a yakuza issue. I’ve got tens of thousands under my banner. I deserve more respect from some random old man.
......
The Chief may seem angry, but she remains level-headed.
Then let’s settle things following the yakuza code.
How do you propose we do that?
A sitdown between the families, and we’ll square things away.
Well, that’s quite the old-fashioned suggestion.
I think you just want to settle this fast because you’re scared of the guards!
There are easier ways to settle this quickly.
Ugh...
Can’t you see that the Chief is trying to settle things peacefully out of the goodness of her fucking heart?
Just because you got the numbers on us, I’ve got twenty-four different ways to shut you pissants up!
Cousin Umezu glares at them all as she approaches the scene.
Or is our word not good enough here? If that’s the case, let’s fucking go!
The scene goes quiet.
The young Gijin Clan members who were so gung-ho look over at Old Man Jinbo with some troubled expressions.
Okay, I’ve got no problem with it. Let one of us know when you’ve picked a date.
With that, he shuffles off.
The younger members follow after him.
T-That was great, Chief... You managed to settle everyone down and made them agree to our terms!
I don’t know. That might not be the case this time.
Once we do this sitdown, the Gijin and Hatae clans will be bound together. That will stabilize their position in the prison and give them certain rights.
It could be that the old man was aiming for this from the beginning. There’s no underestimating him.
Damn. These old patriarchs won’t just roll over easy. Right, Shuichiro?
Something still isn’t sitting right with me.
It’s like déjà vu.
I’m sorry, Chief. I didn’t mean to cause all this...
That yakuza member talking to Old Man Jinbo now.
The one who provoked the Hatae Clan first.
He was at the second-class gathering.
He’s the man who was sitting diagonally from me—the one who wouldn’t stop brushing off his shoulders.
......! What? But wait, does that mean...?
I look at the Chief.
Whatever I said, I didn’t expect it to pay off this fast, hehe.
She gives me a pleased smile.
You’ve done it again, kid.
And she praises me again.
(END)
There’s no doubt Agatsuma and the Gijin Clan are connected.
The Gijin originally dealt drugs downtown. Lately, I heard they’ve switched to prostitution due to crackdowns... I wouldn’t be surprised if they were still dealing.
How did Sister Julia get her hands on the drugs?
If she got them through the gangsters of the Gijin Clan, then we now have a clear handle on her supply route.
The Gijin Clan used to be very cooperative, but they’ve been getting more confrontational with us lately.
You think they started to fuck with us because they’re ready to take us on now? They got some balls!
By passing the drugs through Sister Julia, the Gijin Clan can use them to increase their membership.
In point of fact, there weren’t many Gijin Clan inmates until very recently.
Why is the Gijin Clan constantly attacking us?
To take over Kyushu.
The Chief nods.
They’re aiming to take over our territory. They probably only started thinking about that after they got sent here.
How do you know?
Agatsuma.
Only a high-ranking officer would be able to bring illegal drugs into the prison.
In exchange for brainwashing a steady supply of inmates, Agatsuma receives a boatload of money. It’s something like that, I imagine.
There must be |some| benefit for Captain Agatsuma, according to the Chief.
Why?
Because inmates are basically slaves to the guards from the beginning.
What’s the possibility that Agatsuma and Gijin are working together more closely than we think?
I ask as we inspect the dusty storeroom.
If it’s a mutually beneficial relationship, it would be reasonable for it to deepen over time.
The probability of that is almost zero—hey, we need to replace that fire extinguisher, bring it over.
Okay—so, why is that?
The biggest reason is that the Gijin Clan are devout Buddhists.
Old yakuza families have deep ties with Buddhist temples, and apparently, it’s not the kind of relationship that gets severed very easily.
They’re just using Sister Julia because it’s a good deal for them. If something happens, they’ll cut ties immediately. That’s the kind of old man he is.
They’re looking to whittle down the Hatae Clan’s power in prison and thereby rewrite the balance on the outside.
They aren’t the type to worry about the law.
If we let them do as they please, the Hatae Clan might get wiped out.
That’s why if we settle things by |our| rules, we’ll have a chance.
The Chief speaks as she carries the old fire extinguisher.
If the law won’t work, she’ll bind them down with the yakuza code.
Which means we’ve got one thing to do before the big sit-down.
Give me the order, Chief.
I know I’ll be able to meet the Chief’s expectations.
Uh, my old man’s schedule can fit this in, just have the sit-down... Hey.
The Gijin Clan’s heir stops.
We’re blocking his way silently.
You know what this is, right? Follow us.
He follows without responding.
We take him to the prison cafeteria.
It’s completely empty.
Sorry to bring you all the way here, Mr. Gijin.
Except for the Chief sitting in the middle.
So, what am I doing here? I don’t think you wanna rough me up before the sit-down, do you?
I just want to talk. We’re mediators, after all. This isn’t that unusual.
This isn’t up to me. My old man makes all the decisions. Now, if you’ll excuse me.
No need to hurry. Here, eat this. Have a seat.
She places a white plate in front of him.
What’s this?
Cake.
Cousin Umezu manages the entire kitchen.
It’s not poisoned. Umezu woke up early this morning to make it for you. Not even the guards know about it.
Which means it’s not difficult for her to get things like this as long as she has the ingredients.
......
As I was doing fortune telling to all the guards, I managed to gather a lot of information.
For example, the Gijin Clan’s heir loves sweets and gets into trouble when he dips into his subordinates’ stashes.
Glp...
Something like this wouldn’t be that special on the outside.
......
But inside the prison, zoo-zoos are a prize worth fighting over.
Mmm, glp...
It would cause a man to drool like crazy.
Hehe, don’t worry. They wouldn’t punish you for eating some sweets someone gave you.
Besides, this cake was never officially in the prison anyway! You won’t get caught. Come on, just dig in!
The Gijin’s heir is extremely suspicious of this situation.
However, his sweet tooth beats out his rational mind.
Anyone watching us can see I’m being threatened. You’d be the ones who’d take the fall for this.
The man reaches out to the fork.
And sticks it into the tip of the cake.
By the way, and I’m just making conversation here...
The Chief speaks just as he touches the cake.
I hear there are certain inmates who get to chatting during work at the leather workshop. Apparently, it’s an issue, because they do it behind the guards’ backs.
......
The heir’s hand stops.
What about it?
That level of infraction happens every day.
Yeah, it’s not a big deal. Some guards might even let it slide.
I managed to gather a lot of information.
Whether anybody did it on purpose or not, it’s still not such a big deal if a window or two in the workshop gets broken.
While each little thing might not be a big deal...
Of course, there’s other little things. Littering paper on prison grounds, defaming other prisoners, shaving in the shower room, shouting, washing clothes... they’re all minor infractions.
But if there are enough of them, you’ll get treated as a misbehaving inmate.
If we calculate all these infractions, including insubordination, illicit exchange, and property damage...
When they all accumulate, in the final accounting...
Well, I guess it’d all add up to about an extra ten years on somebody’s sentence.
The total can be quite significant.
Uh...
That’s when the Gijin Clan heir realizes.
The cake in front of him represents his sentence.
I’m a mediator. I’m not in a position to look the other way.
And eating this sweet means...
If I knew who did it, I’d be obligated to tell the COs.
...he’ll have to do what we say.
Oh, are you sure you don’t want to eat that?
If you don’t eat it fast, it’ll get soggy.
Your shortcake is gonna turn into a longcake!
They all mock him.
......
The heir trembles.
A ten-year sentence is no joke. All your other Gijin friends in here will get to go home, but you’ll be left behind.
......
I doubt they’d keep your throne empty while you’re gone that long. You’ll get stripped of your position eventually.
Hah... Hah...
And even when you finally get out, you’ll be useless your first two years. Everyone will treat you like a burden.
Hah... Hah...!
And us yakuza hardly ever get parole, but you don’t care, right?
Hah! Hah!
’Cause a yakuza |always| does his time, right?
With tears streaming down his face, the Gijin heir lifts his fork to his mouth and starts chewing.
At the same time, Chief moves forward with the sit-down preparations.
Chief, I found something we could use in place of a folding screen! There’s an office partition in the gym!
It doesn’t matter what it is as long as we can’t see each other’s faces. How’s the sea bream coming?
Carpaccio is on the menu next week, so I’ll try swiping some then.
They are going to do their best to do this as properly as possible.
With someone steeped in tradition, the better we can adhere to tradition, the better. It will keep the old man in check. Let’s go.
The Chief takes me and we head to the rehab center.
You want me to come witness some meeting this Sunday?
It’s to make an appointment with Sofurin.
There’s some beef between some inmates, and we want you to come observe the proceedings.
Why would I do that? Isn’t the whole point of mediators to resolve things peacefully without guard interference?
But it’s also your role to make sure things don’t get out of hand.
There’s a chance another riot could break out...
......
Fine.
Sofurin reluctantly accepts and leaves.
That was a bit underhanded, but I hope she’ll forgive us.
......?
Why Sofurin?
I ask before we go back to working on our preparation.
She may be earnest, but she’s not the most attentive.
I like that she’s earnest. She’s a good guard. She can’t be bought off, and she’s mostly fair.
We need someone fair attending a sit-down, or their testimony won’t be taken as evidence.
She has a point.
These ceremonies would serve no purpose if people just backed out of what they promised.
What are you looking to make them promise?
They have “H,” but I haven’t been able to tie them to it.
I have no idea what kind of conditions the Chief will bring them during negotiations.
You know, to make sure things go peacefully.
I’ll give them everything they want.
The Hatae Clan’s predictions are just theoretical.
Proof is important.
The library wing of the prison has old newspapers that date back to before the war.
But regular inmates aren’t able to access them without special permission from the librarian guard because they are too “stimulating.”
You seem to be a little troubled by your own fastidiousness.
It’s convenient to be liked by the guards in situations like these.
The cards say that you should be a little more tolerant and compassionate to others. If someone asks you for a favor, perhaps you should consider helping.
......
Your lucky item is a boy in a buzzcut.
......
The Gijin Clan were busted for organized prostitution.
They had been doing organized prostitution for over three years, and many minors were involved.
There were many business leaders among their customers, and the media barely covered it. The story was buried deep online as well.
Where can I find the next line?
H-Here, I think...
While this is just an estimation, the whole ring did business of over five billion yen.
What does this word mean?
‘Deposition’... It’s like... a kind of evidence.
Why did a crime this big go unnoticed for so long?
This’s... dark...
That’s because for some reason, the victims never came forward and didn’t even realize they were involved in prostitution.
That’s a weird case...
......
It is definitely connected to “H.”
And at the same time, it’s evidence that Sister Julia wasn’t involved.
All of my snooping has to be done under the guards’ radar.
Conducting an investigation while trying to make sure nobody realizes it is extremely mentally taxing.
Everyone in the Hatae Clan knows how important this will be, so the pressure is on.
But if you’re ever in trouble or stuck, don’t hesitate to rely on others and help each other as family.
This is a crucial gamble. We can’t afford any mistakes.
As fatigue builds, mistakes can be made.
That has to be avoided at all costs.
It’s important to relax and rest my body when I can, I think to myself.
Hanamaru.
Huh? Oh, it’s you. What do you want?
Let me lay my head on your lap.
Pay up a million yen or something worth that much.
I give her a stone the guards always seem to be happy to receive.
Hanamaru reluctantly allows me to lie lay on her lap.
Something’s not right.
What?
Her lap is soft, but something isn’t clicking.
There’s no sense of my worries and exhaustion melting away like before.
What? You like this place that much?
It’s the best.
My exhaustion and worries disappear when I’m like this.
Apparently, it has to be the Chief to work at all.
Fine, you’re still a baby. Come on, gimme a ‘goo-goo, ga-ga.’
......
Now, come on. There, there.
This recharges my motivation, allowing me to dive back into work.
Time flies as I continue to work as a mediator.
The big sit-down is tomorrow.
Tomorrow is going to be tense.
In that case, it might be best to spruce up the place as much as I can.
Perhaps putting some flowers up would be nice. I’ll pick some.
There are many flowers in the Japanese flower garden.
......
But I decide not to pick any from there.
Someone seems to be taking care of them really well.
Which is why I go to the back of the prison in search of flowers.
It’s pretty bare, but I’m sure it’ll have dandelions or something.
Nothing...?
There don’t seem to be any at all, so I’m crawling on my hands and knees looking.
That’s when I hear footsteps approaching.
Well, well. Exhibitiman, was it? Are you crawling on your hands and knees because the matriarch ordered you to?
It’s the patriarch of the Gijin Clan.
That’s some pretty shitty treatment in this cold. Don’t you think?
Yes, absolutely.
Sister Julia is behind him.
What do you want?
That’s quite the greeting. Young folks these days have no respect. Right?
That’s youth. It’ll be a while before he’s as calm as you, Mr. Patriarch.
It’s almost as if they’re showing me their power dynamic.
I’m looking for something. If you need something from me, we can do it later.
Don’t be so cold. I just want to talk to you too. I know you approached my son. It seems only fair if I do the same.
Or what? Are you going to ignore a CO’s orders?
......
Haha... It’s been a while. Since the gathering?
I reluctantly stand up.
Looking up close, he’s not as big as I thought.
Seems like you haven’t been sworn into the Hatae Clan.
I’m not a yakuza.
Then this’ll be quick. You want to join the Gijin Clan?
Out of all of us, you’ll be targeted first without a doubt.
You don’t have the Hatae emblem behind you. Which means no matter how much they fuck with you, we’re in no position to complain.
No.
I figured as much. Young people don’t like to be tied down. I was the same.
Which is why it’ll only be while you’re in prison. Would you join our ranks just during that time?
The Gijin Clan patriarch speaks like a kind grandfather.
Besides, you’re serving a ten-year sentence for exposing yourself, aren’t you?
So what?
I’d be able to cut that down, say, by half if you wanted...
He glances over at Sister Julia.
I think you know that I can make that happen.
Hehe.
My sentence will be cut in half.
If we use the score system, we could reduce that time little by little over the next four years.
This is the exact opposite of how we threatened the Gijin heir.
Ten years is long. Especially a boy your age, your ten years is nothing compared to an old man’s.
I’m not the type to think a year or even a week ahead.
That’s just so sad. If you’re willing to help me, I’m saying that I’ll use my connections to help you too.
Still, getting my sentence cut in half is enticing.
I don’t know what they’re gonna try to pull. I know I’m in no position to ask you, but...
Don’t worry, Chief.
I will never betray you.
No thank you.
I still refuse.
I’m here by my own decision. I’m not looking to join anyone.
I’m helping the Chief of my own volition.
So you’re gonna endure the next ten years in this shithole?
This is my way of respecting the person I swore my loyalty to... in my heart.
Yeah, I’m ready.
It doesn’t need to be the most logical decision.
So if you’re thinking about tricking the Chief with some scheme...
I’ll fucking inhume you, baby.
I point at the old man.
Good grief, so you’re just a clueless pissant. You know nothing of this world. I’m sure you’ll be in tears sooner or later.
He huffs with displeasure and turns his back.
Let’s go, officer.
Yes, of course.
The Gijin Clan patriarch leaves.
But Sister Julia continues to look at me.
What is it?
Oh, nothing... Haha.
May the Lord be with you, dear Minato.
(END)
My back is finally just about healed from the time I infiltrated the second-class gathering.
The day of the sit-down has arrived.
Just our luck—a storm is coming through, too.
The wind continues to bang and clatter against the windows, making a lot of noise.
Please cover all the windows with this cloth. Red on the left, white on the right. Thanks. Hehe.
But the recreation room is getting glammed up like there’s no tomorrow.
Get the partitions lined up in the middle! What the hell is that?! You’re really good at that!
And what should I be doing? I was told just to stand here.
We just need you to read this, boss. Thanks!
What? Why do I have to do that...?
The Hatae Clan are busy making the preparations.
Wow, it’s like real yakuza...!
Move, Shuichiro, it’s dangerous! And we |are| real yakuza!
It’s so cool!
Don’t you ever get nervous? You’re going to get yourself in trouble with the Trio, idiot.
As Ozawa said, the Trio are incredibly tense.
It’s not just the Trio, the entire family is on edge.
Why?
Because the Chief takes the blame if there are any mistakes.
Besides, there’s going to be a lot of people in one place. They might even decide to attack us.
If they take down the Chief, then the Hatae Clan is done for.
You too, boyo. If there are any idiots stupid enough to attack the Chief, you lay your life on the line to protect her. That’s our job.
And if it comes down to it, I’ll stab them with this.
Cousin Umezu hides a toothpick in her wrist and looks towards the entrance.
The Gijin Clan members start filing in.
They form a line on the other side.
......
We also sit down against the wall.
The Chief sits alone right in front of the partition.
Ahem... Without further ado, the sit-down will now commence between the Hatae and Gijin families!
I think to myself that she seems rather into this.
First, we will remove the barrier and have the two families face each other. Go!
The partition is pulled from both sides.
The Chief and the Gijin Clan patriarch are face to face.
They aren’t even a meter apart.
The sea bream’s eyes are half-open, but after the matter is settled, they will be positioned belly to belly.
A small saucer dish is placed in front of the Chief.
There is water inside instead of sake.
When these cups are empty, it will mark the end of the squabble between the two families, and the matter will be considered settled.
The Chief puts her mouth to the saucer and offers the Gijin patriarch to do the same.
The old man glances at it but does not touch it.
This paper says that you both drink, then wrap the fish and chopsticks in the paper and throw the lot into the ocean...?
This is a sit-down.
There are conditions. Let’s negotiate them now.
Everything becomes tense.
Everyone knows that it’s just beginning now.
We only have one condition.
Hand over the drug ‘H’ to us and we’ll call this matter settled.
I have no idea what you’re talking about.
Don’t play dumb. We know you’re messing with our family. I’m saying I will let that slide.
Don’t try to push your family’s issues on us. If a lot of folks are leaving the Hatae, then the issue might lie with your leadership.
That fucking geezer...
Ozawa.
I hold Ozawa back with my hand.
If he jumps out now, it will ruin everything.
We don’t feel like we owe you anything. We only decided to come because you insisted on a sit-down.
I see, I think to myself.
The Gijin patriarch doesn’t need this sit-down to go well or anything.
So not only do you not offer anything, we gotta sit here and listen to your bullshit? No, we’re not happy at all.
If the sit-down fails, I’m sure the fault will fall on the Chief.
Actually, if the sit-down goes south, they’ll be able to tarnish the Chief’s reputation without any damage to their own.
Because if they really have “H,” they outnumber the Hatae Clan mediators.
So, what are you going to do for us?
Which means this sit-down put the Chief at a disadvantage from the start.
......
She must have known that.
Then what were we preparing for?
I hear the Gijin Clan doesn’t have a place of their own in Yokohama.
The Chief keeps her poker face.
After that big trouble you caused, even your leader got thrown in here.
She’s wearing the same expression she had when I challenged her.
Plus, now you can’t keep the local yakuza in control, and you bought a lot of ill will with the other families.
The Gijin Clan has nowhere to return to at the moment.
They got driven out by other local families and have no home.
That idiot told you that too?
That’s why they want to take over the Hatae Clan’s territory in Kyushu.
So what?
She repeats what she told me when I asked.
Then you can have it.
To end things peacefully.
The Gijin can have a portion of the Hatae’s territory.
So she’ll give them what they want.
You need a place for yourselves, don’t you? Then take it.
The reason the Gijin Clan attacked the Hatae Clan is because they want their own territory.
......
If the Hatae give it to them, there’s no reason for a conflict anymore.
Because if they can get the territory without any needless fighting, then the Gijin clan’s problem simply disappears.
Let me go further. I’ve got a reputation to uphold, too. I’ll promise the Gijin Clan a place to put down roots in Kyushu, as the condition of this sit-down.
But that means...
The Hatae Clan will lose territory.
......
...admitting defeat to the Gijin Clan.
At least, that’s what it will look like to the world at large.
Hahaha, hahaha.
The Gijin patriarch starts laughing.
That’s where you landed after thinking about it so long? You’re smart! Like how they say the rich never fight! Hehehe!
I can live with it.
Then it’s decided! Let’s do it. The Gijin will take a part of your territory. You’ve got a deal!
This is what the Chief meant when she talked about settling things peacefully.
She’s the type who never fights unnecessarily.
Phew, now I can drink. Officer?
I don’t really get it, but okay. Both of you touch the fish with your chopsticks, but rearrange them so their bellies are facing each other first!
The Gijin patriarch happily changes the direction of the fish.
The Chief remains solemn.
Then they both poke their fish with long, thin chopsticks.
By the way, Gijin. Do you know the state of affairs in Kyushu?
Don’t underestimate me. Old families hear things, including about Kyushu. Hatae is the leading player, and we’re going to have their support, aren’t we?
Yes, of course.
And we’ll start doing more research soon since we’ll be calling it home soon.
And so the sit-down ceremony is mostly finished.
Yes, hehe. You should do that.
The Chief laughs.
Because if you don’t know anything, you’ll get devoured by the surrounding families.
Huh?
The old man sounds bewildered.
The Hatae will give you territory. We’ll look after you throughout that process. But after that, we’re done.
So you’re just gonna take it away?! You go through the trouble of a sit-down for that? You think that kind of childish shit will work in |our| world?
Don’t get the wrong idea, old man. We wouldn’t be doing any of that. I’m saying the other families will.
At the moment, there are over fifty yakuza organizations in Kyushu.
From big to small, they are all over.
Just imagine a new family showing up. They’d be the perfect target, now wouldn’t they?
Then it’s your responsibility to protect us! If you just abandon us, that wouldn’t be following the code!
Hehe. You’ve got it wrong. I couldn’t help you even if I wanted to.
The organization called the Japanese Chivalrous Union is in charge of bringing together all the different crime families.
Most of the yakuza families are part of it and they cooperate in a number of ways; for example, by meeting to review new legal changes.
Anyone who is part of this organization is not allowed to fight each other. That is the code.
In other words, if the Gijin Clan sets up in Kyushu...
...they’ll be targeted by all the families for stealing from the Hatae pie.
Then we’ll join that union too! Then they can’t mess with us!
That can’t happen.
And who is in charge of that large union?
Because I’m the one leading the Kyushu branch of the union.
It’s the Hatae Clan matriarch, Taeka Hatae.
As long as she’s around, the Gijin Clan can never join the union.
Then this deal is off! The Gijin Clan won’t set up in Kyushu!
What the fuck are you talking about, you fucking pissant!
That’s right, the Chief never picks an unnecessary fight.
That was the condition of this sit-down! That you guys get set up in Kyushu! That’s the one thing you wanted from us!
But if she thinks it’s necessary...
You think you can fucking back out of our deal now?!
...she’ll take down anyone.
......!
I’ve spent enough time with her to know that well.
This sit-down is done. Boys! Make sure to thank our gracious officer here and prepare to roll out.
Wait...
It’s hard to imagine that the Gijin Clan is prepared to fight an all-out war in Kyushu.
I want to ask for one more favor...
Which means that suddenly the Gijin Clan has to depend on the Hatae Clan.
I would like to swear our loyalty to the Hatae Clan...
In other words, they have to work under the Hatae Clan to survive.
Please, we would appreciate it very much... Chief.
Fine. I accept your oath.
Yeaaaaaaah!
Cheers erupt from the Hatae side.
The Chief was able to absorb the hostile family...
...without spilling any blood.
......!
I am incredibly excited.
My idol is amazing.
My feelings are reaffirmed.
Good grief. It took a while to get here.
See, things work out when you endure them long enough.
Yeah.
One stormy afternoon...
The Chief settled the entire matter.
That’s when it happened.
What happened?!
The lights suddenly go out without any warning.
It’s a blackout caused by the storm.
Damn it! I can’t see shit! What’s happening...?
You never know what might happen at a sit-down.
......!
I rush forward.
And hug the Chief from the front as she is sitting alone.
......!
So I can become her shield if anything should happen.
Chief, are you hurt?!
Get behind us!
Cousins Hanada, Shimonuma, and Umezu rush forward as well.
Shouts and screams erupt all around, and the place is in chaos.
Stop, you idiots! Not me!
The Chief shouts in the midst of it all.
Protect him!
I turn my eyes to the darkness after hearing her say this.
What are you doing, you useless idiots! Protect me already!
But I can’t see anything through the human shields.
Protect me! What are you doing, you fools? What?
I don’t even get the opportunity to rush over.
Ahhhhhhhhh!
The lights come back on.
Everyone falls silent instantaneously.
Ah, hyuh, hyuh...
The Gijin patriarch is on the ground, blood spilling out of his abdomen.
What is going on here?! SST, we need you in the rec room immediately! Call Dr. Higuchi! An inmate is critically injured!
Sofurin calls for the special security team.
We’re not going to be able to sweep this under the rug as just an accident.
And she starts talking to herself.
But there’s no mistake.
......
She’s also addressing the Chief, the one responsible for this whole ordeal.
However, she’s unable to respond.
What the fuck is that glass shard?
She is looking wide-eyed at a young Hatae underling holding a bloody glass shard.
......!
The SST unit bursts in and restrains the underling.
Everyone down on the ground! Anyone who moves will get shot!
The Gijin Clan patriarch was stabbed by a Hatae Clan member.
Unlike the Hatae Clan, none of the Gijin people had left their positions.
A pissant taking out the patriarch,|what kind of bullshit is that?!
Despite that, they are all shouting at our side.
Don’t you know there’s a fucking code! Do ya, motherfuckers?!
As if they’re being controlled.
Gah!
Even the injured.
Be quiet! Get down and don’t move!
The inmates get down as the guards fire a warning shot.
This is the first time I’ve experienced this in prison.
...They got us.
The Chief seems to understand everything in that instant.
I still have no idea what’s happening.
Oh, my. What kind of mess did you all get into?
The out-of-place leisurely tone fills the room.
Captain Agatsuma...
It’s Julia Agatsuma, the nun.
This is a huge issue. An inmate stabbing another inmate. Did he do it?
Agh, agggg, aggggg...
Well, he’s clearly not in a right state of mind. It’s as if he’s on drugs. Haha!
He’s with the Hatae Clan, isn’t he? This is going to require frisking. Okay, SST, you’re up.
......
Considering the situation, I don’t think we need to wait for dear Hazuki’s decision.
Affirmative...
The tall SST commander holds down the Chief, and the little SST member frisks her.
They spread her limbs, even sticking their hands |up there...| and grab something.
Captain Agatsuma, I found this...
Is that a toothpaste tube?
She removes the lid and takes out the powder inside and licks it.
Oh, my! I believe these are drugs!
She is talking about the powder I swiped from the second-class gathering.
What is that doing here...? You can tell what it is?
Of course! My family runs a pharmaceutical company after all.
......
I finally realize what’s happening as well.
Sit-down, my ass! A drink? A toast? You’ve got some fucking balls!
You weren’t planning on making a deal at all! You were out to destroy us from the beginning!
Old Man Jinbo isn’t behind this.
He was just a pawn who knew nothing.
No... Our boss, it can’t...!
He wasn’t the one selling the drugs. He wasn’t the one doing the brainwashing.
It had all just been arranged to appear that way.
Well, I did know the nature of the charges against Number 0019...
The woman behind the curtains was Julia Agatsuma.
Ah! How could you sell drugs to your own family?!
We completely fell for her trap.
......
I imagine there is going to be an inquiry about this incident. I’ll hold onto it until they’re ready to proceed.
I feel like something bad will happen if she gets away with that tube.
Then I suppose that just about wraps up your sit-down. Haha!
That the truth will be buried in darkness.
......
If that happens, there will be no turning back.
D-Don’t, kid!
I’ll do something before it’s too late.
......!
Number 0720, what are you doing?!
I snatch the tube and put it inside my mouth.
Nghhhhhhhh!
Haha! What? He put it in his mouth! Haha, he’s biting it!
Gah, gar, gah!
Don’t eat it! Those are drugs! Stop!
I chew on the tube as hard as I can.
It’s hard, and it tastes horrible, but I still bite down.
I said stop! Don’t swallow it, you idiot!
And I force it down my throat as I swallow.
Kid!
SST Officer, please hold them down.
......
Ngh... Fucking dog...!
I’m suddenly assaulted by a feeling of nausea.
My body becomes hot as if it’s rejecting what I just put inside my body.
......
But I can’t throw it up.
If we lose this, we’ll never be able to win.
Are you okay?! Oh, no! Someone get Dr. Higuchi!
Oh, I don’t think that’s necessary. Just do this.
Sister Julia grabs the nape of my neck and pulls me up.
Hmph!
......!
This will get him to throw it up.
My ears go deaf.
It feels like a fist just went through my whole body.
......
But still...
...I bite down and swallow the tube.
......
Then collapse to the ground.
Shuichiro!
Haha, okay then. Throw him into solitary.
The laughter and footsteps grow distant.
And I black out.
(END)
They put me in solitary after that.
He could be in danger. We need to get him to a doctor!
It seems that Sofurin said that I should be taken to the medical ward.
It was just a little bit, he’ll be fine. If that’s enough to kill him, then there wouldn’t be any drug addicts in the world.
And Sister Julia said I could be treated in solitary.
Ngh...
The following few days were hell.
Guuuuuuh! Geh, ngh!
I was tormented by incessant nausea, and my body felt lethargic.
I can’t even count how many times I threw up in the toilet.
So this is what a toothpaste tube tastes like.
Many other Hatae Clan associates were sent to solitary as well.
Although I only learned the details after I emerged again.
......
Taken in as the mastermind behind the drugs, the Chief was brought in front of an official interrogation committee led by all the top brass.
I’ll ask once again, Ms. Taeka Hatae. Did you bring illegal drugs to Tulip Prison and distribute them?
No.
And did you create a circumstance to cause a third party to lose free will and control them or anything equivalent to that?
No.
I’m sure the Chief answered firmly.
I would never hold illegal drugs willingly, no matter what the reason.
However, her situation was extremely bad.
Then why were you hiding that tube of toothpaste?
She was unable to claim that it belonged to Sister Julia.
You wouldn’t hide something in your crotch that would be perfectly fine to leave in your room, now would you?
......
Because how could she have taken it from a gathering that she never attended?
This looks very bad for you.
Such a flimsy-sounding excuse would only make things worse for her.
I understand that the leader of the mediators, Number 0019, was attacked previously. The suspect used a glass shard as a weapon, and eventually lost the ability to hold a conversation.
She was up against correctional officers who didn’t understand the yakuza code.
Who felt no |need| to understand it.
This was due to drugs, and the attack was carried out because she held a grudge against Number 0019 because she was the one who drugged her... Seems to me that’s the case.
I suppose, that’s a natural conclusion you could make from the circumstances.
......
The Chief was clearly at a disadvantage.
Which means we need to find a suitable punishment. What do you think, Warden Mizushiro?
Any punishment would seem reasonable in the face of the evidence.
Please wait, Warden Mizushiro.
However, someone unexpected reined them in.
I think it’s a bit too hasty to make such a conclusion. It would not be following the prison’s own rules.
What’s this now, dear Hazuki?
What do you mean?
There is no evidence that the substance inside the toothpaste tube was, in fact, a narcotic.
Because it was swallowed. It’s only natural to assume it was to destroy the evidence.
However, Number 0720 didn’t test positive for drugs, isn’t that right? Then one wouldn’t be able to draw that conclusion.
No, that’s true. If he actually swallowed it.
......
We cannot sentence anyone on suspicion alone. If we arbitrarily dole out punishment without proof, it will put the prison’s order at risk.
That’s rich coming from you.
What’s that supposed to mean?
What do you think, dear Sofiya?
Me? Um... I don’t know at this point...
Warden Mizushiro, your decision please.
I’m sure the warden must have struggled with this.
As Captain Yugao stated, there is no hard proof that Taeka Hatae has smuggled drugs in.
In dubio pro reo. Punishing inmates meaninglessly is forbidden in this prison. Therefore, we will not subject her to any punishment that restrains her like solitary.
......
However, this incident does put your character into question, Ms. Taeka Hatae.
You were unable to control your own subordinate, and they critically injured a third party after going on a rampage.
......
Therefore, you will be relieved of your health manager duties and demoted from your model prisoner status.
......
And so the Chief lost her job as a mediator.
The Gijin patriarch’s injuries were more severe than I thought.
I’m sure his old age had something to do with it, slowing his recovery.
He was taken to the prison hospital and is unlikely to leave it again.
The Chief isn’t the only one who lost their job.
I’m back to being the cafeteria manager.
I’m sure Sister Julia pulled some strings behind the scenes, because the awful cook the Chief once beat up is back.
That means you’re fired! Now get your ass to the mines before your stench gets on my food!
Cousin Umezu was transferred to the mines, a role she was unfamiliar with.
Having been moved to the night shift, she lost most opportunities to even see her usual crew.
But before that, I’ll be taking that toothpick back.
Tch, fucking bitch.
It was effectively a demotion.
Cousin Shimonuma’s cell was inspected.
What?! Hey! What are these obscene publications?!
That’s...?! What is that doing in my cell?
They found a manga the prison deemed indecent.
Answer me! Why do you have a manga like this?! Your fate will depend on what you say!
I mean, I have no idea why that’s in my celly-langelo...
Wait, that’s a line from this manga! I know that because I used to read it!
What?! A compatriot?!
Now you can’t make any excuses! You’re going to solitary!
Cazzo!
Cousin Shimonuma was framed as well.
Hey, look. It’s the big man from the Hatae Trio... but there’s only one of them.
I heard there was only one in the Trio now.
For real?! We’re supposed to be the lone wolves in this prison, and there’s still three of us!
Hey, wanna say that again?!
Stop, Hanada. Losing your temper here won’t get you anywhere. Hold it in.
But Chief!
Ever since the old hag took over the cafeteria, the Hatae Clan started suffering overt harassment.
They get the worst food, and often with a side of garbage mixed in.
There’s trash in here. Give me a different one.
Hehehe, what are you talking about? You can’t even eat what’s served to you? Is everyone with the Hatae Clan stupid?
The Chief held Cousin Hanada back as he clenched his fists.
I bet Agatsuma’s foot tasted real good. I mean, someone with fucked-up taste buds like you would’ve had to do some kissing for them to let you cook.
Is my food that terrible? That’s good. Have some more!
She took a ladle full of her god-awful soup and dumped it all over the Chief’s head.
What the fuck did you do?!
Ah, what a beautiful scene! That’s grammable!
The hell is going on here?!
Ngh, what is this? It’s sticky all around here!
It being dinnertime, the cafeteria was full of witnesses.
It must have been obvious to everyone watching who was in the wrong.
That man suddenly dumped soup on Number 0019!
I saw it too. He had this sick look while he dumped the terrible soup!
Apparently, that was when it became clear how many inmates were under Sister Julia’s influence.
Liar!
That is unacceptable!
Oh, um, well...
The neutral inmates were too scared to approach.
Not only did they waste food, he caused an assault! His bladder’s not working!
Who?!
He’s always babysitting a pissant. That’s why he probably smells like piss!
Sorry, Chief. Please hold it in... haa...
You just insulted the Chief!|Bastard!
Old hag!
I’m told Cousin Hanada jumped them to protect the Chief’s reputation.
Hanada!
Hag?! Haaaaag?!
He ignored the Chief’s warnings and went in swinging.
What are you doing? Stop!
Just when Officer Yamagishi stepped in, Sister Julia arrived, as if she’d been waiting for her moment all along.
How could you add insult to injury? It’s so very sad. We’ll need to refer to the prison conduct rules and give you suitable punishment.
I’m sending you to solitary for a month so you can think about what you’ve done!
A-A month?! I’ve never heard a number like that before!
Sister Julia left without retracting her judgment.
Hah, hah, old hag! Everyone in the Hatae Clan is gonna end up facing the same.
As long as you don’t get out of the family, I’m sure you won’t be eating a decent meal for a while.
And thus the Hatae Clan was neutralized.
The Chief was dismissed from her duties as a mediator and transferred to the laundry room.
......
At that point, she had lost the protection of the Trio.
Hey, newbie! Go deliver these inmate uniforms to every cell!
That’s your job.
Well, here, whoever is the lowest on the totem pole does it!
The laundry room is a terrible environment with a lot of twisted inmates.
Or is a former mediator not able to follow such a basic rule?
......
The Chief didn’t argue.
She knew that if she allowed this to escalate, she’d only put herself in a worse position.
Meth Head Taeka!
Pathetic! Loser!
Eep! She’s going to cut off three thousand fingers! Gahahahaha!
But she never forgot how precious her subordinates are.
You lay a single finger on my boys and let’s see how many you get to keep.
I’ll collect all your pinkies and stick it in your pussy instead of a vibrator.
You’ve got some balls on you.
It gets busy in the laundry room, so sometimes we bump into each other in here! Like this!
Kh, ngh...
She got beaten up by people who worked under Sister Julia.
It seems the Chief never hit back.
Of course, the administration reacted too.
In addition to a severe warning to a select few, I’ve taken away your model inmate status.
However, the administration is on Sister Julia’s side.
The Department of Correctional Treatment has determined that if we allow you to continue serving in the system, you are likely to cause another incident.
Therefore, you will be temporarily forbidden to leave your cell. Good luck.
Some prisoners are isolated to their cells.
They are not allowed to leave at any hour.
Normally, they would have televisions, but that’s not the case in |this| prison.
......
The Chief is all alone.
And I know how hard that is from my life on the outside.
That’s all that happened while you were gone.
Mr. Kugitani lights a cigarette and takes a drag after he finishes filling me in.
Interesting story if you aren’t involved, but well, you’re in about the same boat. You’ve been removed as a mediator and you start in the laundry room from tomorrow. Sucks, huh?
I see.
It might be better than the mines, but then, it might not. The laundry room folks are bad people. Seems like as they clean the clothing, their souls become tarnished.
I’ve gone before. I’m not that worried.
Seems like a lot’s happened while I was in solitary.
The poor-but-happy family fun hour is over. Now, we’re all like a rich family fighting a bitter war over inheritance. Enemies everywhere, no time to rest.
Whose side are you on then, Mr. Kugitani?
I’m always fair. I don’t side with anyone. That kind of sentiment gets in the way of business. Anyone who pays me is a good customer.
There is a girl doing chin-ups in the distance.
I think that maybe she’s the only one Mr. Kugitani would side with.
But I’m sorry for your loss.
What do you mean?
I mean, you were able to make such good memories as long as you clung to them like flies on shit. You had the Hatae Clan’s protection.
I’m not a yakuza.
It doesn’t matter what others thought. You clearly got some benefit from it. It would be normal to have feelings of regret.
Well, I don’t.
I don’t think that way.
Maybe if I were here, I could’ve protected the Chief.
That regret is far larger.
I figured you had some grit for your age, but you’ve exceeded my expectations.
But you could be right.
I’m jealous of your youthful brashness. This isn’t sarcasm, I really mean it. When you get old, you never think anything’ll go your way.
Mr. Kugitani stands up and dusts himself off.
Just watch your back. Your life could be hell starting tomorrow. Or maybe not. Maybe things worked out better because you weren’t here.
......?
I cock my head, watching him as he walks off into the distance.
My first bath in a while isn’t as nice as I’d imagined it to be.
I’m happy to take a dip in the warm water.
However, the bath water is murky.
......
When I was a miner, I got to take a bath once a day, and I got to go in first when I was a mediator.
The novelty had been starting to wear off, but I’m not happy to take a bath in such dirty water.
I don’t even want to stick around for the last signal, so I get out of the bath shortly.
As I’m getting out, someone elbows me in the back.
Oh, excuse me. I thought you were doing some head-to-head training.
......
It seems like my new routine has come to greet me.
I may not be a yakuza, but the others don’t seem to agree.
I know you didn’t do anything wrong, Ex-man, but I gotta look out for myself. Sorry. I can’t get involved right now.
The Age of Hatae is over...! It’s Captain Agatsuma’s time now! Only hell awaits you!
Ahahaha, things are getting interesting! This is your punishment for making fun of me so much, you stupid brat! That’s why I can’t wait to see you dragged to hell.
Even the inmates I was close to start avoiding me.
And Officer Yamagishi appears to be greatly disappointed in me.
Getting involved with drugs! I’m disappointed in you, Number 0720! We struggled together and broke bread!
Your actions have severed our relationship!
I can’t expect help anywhere I turn.
I can clearly see bugs mixed in.
Shut up and eat.
That’s clearly a cockroach.
Aren’t you happy? You see small animals chase around cockroaches all the time. Perfect for Hatae’s butter dog!
And I doubt I have any good meals to look forward to.
......
Hehehe, whoops!
I fall on my ass when I find no chair under me.
Everyone around laughs.
......
Take this!
......
They stick something on my back.
......
It says “Chad.”
Such a low-level form of harassment, I think to myself.
If this were Hanamaru, she’d do something way worse.
This is what happens when you strut around here as a Hatae Clan loser!
Feels good to see you cocky fucks get taken down a peg!
......
......
Ngh!
What’s wrong, Clitcleaner? Let’s have some fun kicking that fucker around. A little game of ‘Beat the Exhibitiman.’
T-That’s all right, I think I’ll pass, hehe...
However, the laundry room isn’t such a hard place to work.
Hey.
The fuck do you want?!
I finished cleaning that container.
Then go deliver them to the cells, you dumbass!
They don’t mess with me meaninglessly like the other inmates.
I realize something.
I see.
They’re still a little bit afraid of the Chief.
(END)
Still, there are many inmates who mess with me.
Thanks to Exhibitiman, the Chief got put in the dick slammer!
Did Hatae’s butter dog melt away?
Sparkly ball lock-up!
I’ve been locked up in a room.
Let me out.
You mean, please let me out. Who do you think you’re talking to?
I want to go to the bathroom.
Then do it there! I’ll let you slide if you shit right there!
I don’t argue.
Because I believe that if I make this a big deal, I’ll waste all of the Chief’s efforts.
Got nothing to say? I wonder if you grow some balls in the bedroom.
Maybe he’s a bedroom yakuza.
Maybe he’ll spread those cheeks hard and get you nice and sticky!
What are you talking about?
He talked back!
In the end, it doesn’t matter what I say.
I shit myself.
Haha! So yakuza shit themselves!
I’m not a yakuza.
Haha, getting out already because you’re scared?
How about you wash your asshole before you wash your hands of it, hahahaha!
There normally aren’t inmates who are this persistently aggressive.
I went, so let me out.
Then how about you let one more thing slip...
Where did you hide the drugs? If you tell us, we’ll let you out.
Oh, so that’s their play.
Sister Julia’s minions are targeting me now.
Tell us already! You don’t want to stay in that storage room smelling like shit, do you?
Okay.
That’s more like it. So, where are the drugs hidden?
My colon.
The door opens.
Which means it’s inside this shit?!
Come on, we have to look for it!
I’m lying.
What?!
I may drop a dookie, but I won’t drop a dime.
You motherfucker!
Or do Sister Julia’s underlings all spill their guts when they get a little scared? Like this dookie here.
I make a face that lets them know what I think of them.
W-What’s with all those injuries?!
Thanks to that, I end up spilling some extra fluids—mostly puke.
And so my prison life gets a bit more intense.
......
Today, someone threw a mudball at me, so I have to clean it off.
You’re only allowed free access to tap water if you’re working in the kitchen, so I decide to use some damp grass.
......
It will be a while longer before the Trio get back.
So this will probably continue for another little while.
Oh? What are you doing here?
I turn and see Sister Julia standing there.
......!
There is nobody else around.
Not unless she has some believers hidden somewhere.
I thought I heard something, and look who I found. It doesn’t look like you were on a walk.
The Gijin Clan didn’t make the “H” and move it through Sister Julia.
Sister Julia created “H” and gave it to the Gijin Clan.
Not only that, but she was the one who had them arrested and brought to this prison.
All to increase her number of pawns.
Did somebody throw mud on you?
Sister Julia asks coyly.
And it looks like you have more scars... Oh...
She stares at my face and reaches a hand up to my cheek.
Ngh...
She falls silent, tears welling up in her eyes.
Snff, snff... wah...!
Ah! Ah, you poor thing! You poor, hurt thing!
Waaaaaah! Waaaaaaah!
......
Wah, wah, wah!
What is it?
Happiness is just around the corner from suffering, isn’t it?
Sure.
Isn’t that like, so what?
......
......
I would agree, I think to myself.
Suffering is suffering. It hurts when someone attacks us! Ahh!
Sister Julia puts her hand on my head.
It must have been hard. I know it must have been sad. There, there.
She slowly caresses me.
Her pity is unpleasant.
Things are a bit hectic, but there are good things as well.
Like what?
While I’m being a target, the other Hatae Clan members aren’t being attacked.
As long as I’m being targeted, nobody else will get hurt.
Which means the Chief won’t be made sad.
......
......
Sister Julia stops and looks at me.
Like she would a bug, I think to myself.
Oh...
Hahaha! Hahaha! Hahahaha!
Then she starts laughing like a mad person.
Hahaha, heeheehee, huhuhuh!
I am creeped out.
Because I’ve never seen anyone laugh like this before.
Ah hee, eefuh, ngh! Aheeh! Hahaha! Haha!
I thought Sister Julia was here to ask me where the drugs that were inside the toothpaste tube were.
However, Sister Julia turns on her heels after she has finished laughing.
What is it?
It’s nothing. It’s perfectly natural for a correctional officer to come check on an inmate.
This is my impression after having my first proper conversation with Sister Julia.
I pray that peaceful days will return to you soon, dear Minato.
It’s as if she were talking to an insect.
Foreman.
I say as I put the container in the corner.
I finished returning the prison uniforms to the Obscenity Ward.
That was quick. T-Then how about you clean the guards’ uniforms over there? Don’t talk to me that much, I’m busy...
I’m treated like a tumor in the laundry room.
......
They don’t know what the other inmates will do to them if they get involved with me.
The laundry room inmates keep me at a distance as they look at me like a nuisance.
I have no safe space for myself right now.
I don’t know from where or how I might be attacked.
Whether by a guard or an inmate.
You look a little tired, Shuichiro.
Yeah?
I’m used to being hated. I figured I could handle this.
Yeah, you can’t hide anything from me. You are me.
Hehe, that’s right...
Let’s go somewhere we can relax. I think I know a spot where nobody will be.
That’s a great idea, I think to myself.
I head to the edge of the prison grounds.
Most inmates and guards don’t know that the Japanese garden even exists.
Nobody would go there, I think to myself.
From a results standpoint, my prediction was wrong.
There is someone in front of the flower bed by the beautiful pond.
Oh. Long time no see, kid.
Chief.
I rush to her.
What happened?
They finally let me out of my cell. I’m allowed to go wherever I want during the evening.
I am so happy to finally see the Chief again.
......
But she looks so worn and tired.
Her cheeks are a little sunken, and there are bags under her eyes.
Sorry for all the trouble we caused you... You wanna rest on my lap? Come here.
No, I’m fine. You’re tired.
Don’t worry about that, kid. I want to. Come on.
I throw my body against the ground to lay my head on the Chief’s lap.
It feels incredibly good.
Anyway, I tried my best even while you were gone.
Good job, kid. Status can be lost, but as soon as you lose your soul, you’re done for.
I’m proud of you for enduring it all.
I’m happy to be complimented.
I feel responsible for disappointing her.
This all happened because I brought that drug in.
What are you talking about?
I feel like I’m responsible for everything that happened.
That’s why you swallowed that tube? Good grief, don’t you do that again.
You’re the one who told me I need to be able to take in the good and bad to become a big man.
Swallowing a toothpaste tube won’t make you a big man, you idiot.
Oh, right.
Listen, kid. Before you blame yourself, just think with that brain of yours. If you hadn’t brought that to us, we’d never have drawn Agatsuma out.
Then we’d just have been strangled slowly, softly as piano wire.
That’s true...?
Agatsuma probably got wind of your actions. You caused her to panic and make a move.
Otherwise, she could’ve used Old Man Jinbo as a puppet and stayed safe behind the scenes. There was no need for her to sacrifice such a useful pawn.
In other words, I’m the one who dragged Sister Julia out onto the playing field.
You did it for me. Please don’t think what you did was stupid, kid.
......
I nod, feeling a little embarrassed.
If anything, it’s my fault for failing to see how this would all play out.
She says, her voice a little defeated.
That’s something I don’t want her to feel at all.
Are you sad?
No way.
But her spirit isn’t broken at all.
I don’t like losing. I’ll be sure to settle this score.
I can tell that she is determined to resolve this issue.
That’s my idol.
Hm, did you say something?
I feel so proud.
But before that, I need to praise my hardworking minion. There, there.
She gives me generous pats on the head.
I’m at a loss for words.
Hm? What is it?
Nothing...
I can tell her fingertips are slightly trembling.
It’s due to fatigue.
I hardly have any hair, so I can detect the slightest of movements.
......
I want to become strong.
It’s the first time in my life I’ve ever wanted that.
And to become strong, I need to train.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
That’s why I decide to focus on my training.
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
I just need to be strong enough that the Chief never has to tremble again.
Unfh! Unfh! Unfh! Unfh! Unfh!
So I dedicate all my free time to training my body.
I continue my training.
Even when it’s pouring out, I work my body over.
......
I remember how important it is to train my breathing, so I practice holding my breath in the shower room.
Even in my cell, I continue swinging my fist.
......!
No matter how tired I am, I picture the Chief in my mind and overcome it.
One day, while I’m immersed in training...
My body experiences a change.
......!
I have an erection.
One so big that you can tell through my prison uniform.
What’s going on, Amatsu?
I don’t know. For some reason blood started coursing through me, causing an erection.
Amatsu seems confused as well.
That’s strange... How could I get erect without exposing myself?
......
If I had thrown my clothes off, I would understand this erection.
However, I’m fully clothed right now. I’m quite fatigued and not in the mood for an erection at all.
So why?
This erection is bad...
Yes, this will only lead to trouble, Shuichiro.
There are tons of people in this prison looking for a way to take me down a peg.
If they find that I’m erect, I’ll be punished for breaking the rules.
I have to put a stop to this.
I rush over to the library.
I think it might have some information on how to lose this erection.
There’s nothing...
But there’s nothing written about erections.
What about this book? A book on biology could...
No. Only that information has been blacked out.
This is Tulip Prison.
Everything related to sex is completely erased.
......
Just then, Chisato appears.
I’m looking for an erection book.
......?
I’m lookin’ for a book about erections.
......
I didn’t say anything...
Blood rushes through my head, and my tone becomes firm.
I understand that this is a “raging” boner, so I’m sure it’s just my penis’s anger bleeding through.
Then, um... this book...
Chisato points out a thick book.
The title is “How Muscles Work.”
Kegel muscles?
This is where the male genitalia gets big... so if you train, i-it’ll get bigger?
......!
The book says that if you do exercises like squats, your erections will become stronger.
Which means this erection...
...is proof that I’m getting stronger.
I see, so that’s what it means.
What does?
Thanks, Chisato.
Y-Y-You’re...
I realize my erection is gone and relief washes over me.
Erections in prison are against the rules. I’m saved.
......
That’s when I have a thought.
That explanation means that training strengthened my erection.
But why did I suddenly get erect in that moment?
(END)
