Anyway, the erection did not lead to any trouble.
That right? That’s good.
Erections are banned in prison, after all. Still, your shouts are strange.
Unf! Unf! Unf!!!
Today I’m talking on the grounds where there are other inmates, and not the usual garden.
As the Chief continues to lie low, people start saying that the Hatae have their tails between their legs.
No matter how much they talk about us behind our backs or how much they stare, the Chief shows no reaction and remains steadfast.
She’s so cool, I think to myself.
That’s why I pay the staring no mind and continue to practice my middle strikes.
With the Trio gone, I have to be the one to protect the Chief.
......
The Chief is sitting down and drawing.
While she was confined to her room, they didn’t prevent her from making art.
They didn’t give her solitary because there was no proof; therefore, she didn’t lose the privileges that weren’t mediator ones.
I hear there’s a big fight over who takes over the mediators. All the groups are staring each other down.
Hm?
Right now, a former Gijin Clan member is in the lead. I figure it will go to them since they basically work under Sister Julia.
Hm...
If that happens, our lives will become even harder.
......
The Chief doesn’t seem to be paying attention.
You’re tired.
Hm? Yeah? I got a little wrapped up in painting.
The Chief dunks her brush in a bucket.
The splashing sound is pleasant.
I always had a lot of hobbies. I used to fish and did a little bonsai. I also watched baseball and horse racing.
Come to think of it, I’ve done a lot of things I’ve liked in prison as well. I listened to the radio and got to read manga. I guess I was treated special.
But in the end, I always go back to this.
She traces the canvas with her finger and looks up at the sky.
Whenever I feel mentally cornered, I always end up indulging myself.
Indulging...
Not in a dirty way. I mean, I get lost in it.
Oh.
Get your mind out of the gutter.
Why do you paint when you feel cornered?
I’m not sure. Maybe when I’m focusing, I’m able to forget everything else.
When I’m painting, I don’t need to worry about anything else. If I put my feelings on the canvas, my mind becomes suddenly clear, like a veil’s being lifted.
The exhaustion on her face is evident.
I did it back when the infighting got bad, and back when I took over the family, too. I wound up painting, just like this.
Her trailing voice lacks its usual firmness.
It’s not surprising, considering the isolation she’s been experiencing.
Back when I was a kid—we’re talking kindergarten—the whole class drew together, once.
Then when everyone saw my drawing, they said it was weird. Even my damn teacher said the same thing.
What did you draw?
Just a regular picture any kid would draw. Except my sun was yellow.
Yellow?
Everyone else drew their suns red or orange. Mine was the only yellow one. They all asked me why.
And what did you say?
I said it’s because the sun is yellow. I mean, isn’t it? When you look up at the sun in the afternoon, does it look red or orange?
No.
I mean, if anything it’s closer to white, so I insisted the sun was yellow. I pointed at it in the sky and asked how that was red. There’s no way I was going to let them deny the world I saw.
You’re so strong.
I got my stubbornness from my parents. But the way I didn’t bow to the pressure and break, I think that’s what shaped me into the person I am now.
I feel that too.
My parents were really busy people, but they would strangely always compliment my art. They said it was so me. It had flavor. Now that I think about it, I’m not sure if they were compliments.
Do you like to be complimented too?
Yeah, I’m still human.
I also feel like trying harder when you compliment me.
Oh, that’s a coincidence. I get in the mood to paint now because you compliment me.
You compliment my art. You say it’s good. You tell me the world I’m seeing is real...
I’m talking way too much. It’s not dignified to talk about yourself too much.
The Chief laughs weakly.
It’s a reserved, gentle smile.
......
I always see her strength.
But this side is also a true part of herself.
Even I have to admit this was a little weak... Are you disappointed?
I like the cool you.
The cool and dependable Chief is like my ideal person.
But that is just an interpretation.
That weak side?
If you don’t have that human side, it would just end in admiration.
Hehe, but I’m just a girl. This is all I am without that title.
You’re wrong about that.
Admiration is just a mix of respect, fear, and awe.
You have a type of charisma that others don’t have.
Admiration is distant, no matter how close you are.
I know it’s cruel. An idol can’t choose their own worth. It depends on how many fans main them.
But now I know who she is.
You are my idol.
Then I should be able to help her.
I’m going to make you the greatest yakuza boss there is.
I can help support her.
......
The Chief looks dumbfounded.
The greatest boss, huh? That’s something the next in line would say. Hehe. You think like a yakuza, kid.
Idol fans might think a lot like yakuza do.
Maybe... But it’s not bad.
I feel a slight amount of warmth begin to come over her.
Oh, what are you doing here?
Then a soft voice cuts through it all.
It’s Julia Agatsuma.
What are you doing here?!
There are two female guards behind her.
......
I don’t say anything.
......
Because the Chief is painting, completely ignoring her.
I hear they finally let you out. That’s great news! I was telling Warden Mizushiro that it was too harsh.
I mean, hahaha! You’ve already lost most of your minions, now you’re confined to your cell? Seems so harsh!
Sister Julia seems unhinged as usual.
That’s so... ah! It lacks salvation! The Lord may challenge us, but He never gives us unnecessary pain!
Now is the time to save our souls from original sin and attain true peace! The Lord will always save us!
She almost shrieks these words to us, and it’s hard to know what state of emotion she’s in.
But the Chief continues to paint.
You inmate dog! How dare you disrespect the captain!
If you keep disrespecting her, I’ll rip that painting to shreds!
Oh, sorry. I didn’t mean to show any disrespect.
I had the model show up in front of me, so I couldn’t help but lose myself in the work.
The Chief shows the completed painting to the guards.
And it depicts...
Me?
...the nun, Julia Agatsuma.
I’m a pretty good painter. I know it doesn’t seem like it.
It seems like a waste, seeing as I just finished it, but I can’t disobey a direct order.
And so the Chief...
Hngh!
...rips the painting up.
The scraps of paper dance in the air, and get sucked up into the gray sky.
Y-You...!
W-What did you do?!
The guards become hostile.
I squat down ready to protect the Chief should they rush her.
......
But Sister Julia stands there dumbfounded.
Haahahahaha! Hahahahaha!
Then she howls with laughter, clapping her hands wildly.
It seems so empty, and her eyes don’t look like they are smiling.
Thank you for the applause. I’ll take a bow in solitary, if you’d like.
I wouldn’t do that. We’re the ones who said we’d rip it. You’re not responsible.
How big of you. You don’t seem like the type who would stoop to petty harassment.
The firmness returns to her voice.
But anyone who messes with my family is going to have to pay eventually.
She’s back to her old self.
Oh, is that so?
Sister Julia turns her back on us.
Then I hope you can paint an even better picture next time.
And with that, the guards leave.
Phew. Did I pull off the ‘cool chief’ look for you?
That was amazing.
It’s so much better to see the Chief in high spirits.
(END)
After this, I’m ordered to work the mines.
My thought is that they want to push me down to the depths of hell so I can’t move freely.
It’s good to be back, Foreman.
......
You’ve gotten better with the pickaxe.
......
Even the miners I know won’t talk to me.
It’s only natural that they don’t want to get dragged in, I think to myself.
Removed from the team, I’m a one-man “Dog Team,” excavating by myself.
Cousin Umezu is down in the mines as well, but we have different shifts. We never even cross paths.
......!
Without many lights, machinery, or much of a rock face, I just swing my pickaxe over and over again.
I’d like to be let in the bath.
It’s quite inconvenient to be ostracized.
The worst is the bath.
Hm? We don’t have a listing for a ‘Dog Team.’
The former heir of the Gijin Clan says plainly from his newly appointed position as mediator.
Move, I’m a miner.
I told you the bath time for miners ended ages ago. Don’t give me that shit when you showed up late, hehe...
......
The inmates are no longer my allies, but sooner my enemies.
You’re late, kid. I thought you might not show today.
Don’t come near me.
What...?
I smell like sweat right now...
Oh, I see.
The only respite I get is during my evening break.
I want to wash this sweat off.
I’m also not allowed to bathe while I’m confined to my cell.
I’m able to relax when I see the Chief.
The rejuvenating effect of an idol is amazing, I think to myself.
Well, there’s water right here. You should be able to wash off your grime with a hand towel.
The Chief takes off her uniform without hesitation.
She dips the hand towel in the water and starts wiping her body.
Haa... I guess this is better than nothing.
......
But you just gotta make sure not to catch a cold when it’s this freezing.
......
Can you do my back? I can’t reach.
......!
She throws the towel to me and turns her back.
Young members of the family are supposed to wash the boss’s back. Come on, hurry up.
Okay.
Her back is pale and pretty.
Ah, that feels good... You might make for a good yakuza.
This is the first time I’ve gotten such a good look at a woman’s naked body.
What are you staring for?
I was looking at your back because it’s so pretty...
That right? Doesn’t seem that special to me. I don’t have any tattoos or battle scars.
It’s better that way. Your back is beautiful... just the way it is.
Yeah? You’ve got strange taste.
You don’t mind that I’m seeing you naked?
Hm. Well, I guess not. Would look pretty weak if the great matriarch of the Hatae Clan panics when she’s seen naked.
So I can look even more?!
Hm, I mean... Sure... I guess so. Knock yourself out.
This time I look directly at the Chief’s naked body from the front.
Her breasts are shapely.
She has nipples as well.
She’s very pretty.
I wouldn’t let just anyone do this. This is a first, you got that?
First...
For some reason, it feels like that word accelerates my blood flow.
Way back when you didn’t let me massage your breasts, I should’ve gotten you to show them to me.
I wouldn’t have let you then, you idiot.
......!
My blood courses even faster.
My gaze drops from her breasts to her belly button, and then lower and lower.
......
Chief, I’d like you to spread your legs a little more.
Don’t get carried away, you fucking pervert!
Ow!
She elbows me gently to the side of my head.
Okay, switch! It’s my turn to wash your back.
......!
Right now, we’re both on our own, fighting our own battles.
But I still have the Chief.
That feel good, kid?
Yes.
That’s enough to get me moving forward.
We swear a vow to bring the nun down.
But we hardly have any time to discuss strategy.
The Chief is stuck in her cell and I’m down in the mines.
One hour every evening is the only time we are allowed.
We need more time to talk if we’re going to come up with a plan.
......
Hitting something hard, I drop my pickaxe.
It seems I’ve reached a pine rock, and I won’t be able to excavate any further by hand.
I’ll need dynamite if I want to advance.
I need a demo expert!
......
Come here, please!
......
Yo, you rang?
Demolitions expert?!
......!
Caught off guard, I put my hands up without thinking.
You wanna go?
......?
Chisato looks dumbfounded, fidgeting her fingers.
I pooped myself.
......
A real stinker.
Maybe it’s because of the downturn in food quality lately, but my stomach’s been really acting up.
I thought I heard you call for me.
I’m looking for a demolitions expert.
I see.
Explosives set, clear!
I hit a pine rock.
Fire in the hole.
I want to blow it up.
......
H-How was that?
Chisato is grinning as the dust flies around.
Are you a wizard?
I-I just used blasting powder...
Blasting powder...
I’ve read about that in a manga.
Was it TNT?
D-Dynamite!
Even after the dust settles, Chisato is still grinning.
So the ghost in the mines was you?
I-I’m not a ghost.
I know it was just by chance, but thanks for showing up to help.
It wasn’t by chance... Whenever I’m called for a blast... I-I’ll show up...
......
Are you a ghost?
N-No...
Apparently, she’s always on standby ready to blast.
In other words, your daytime duty is as a demolitions expert?
It doesn’t matter when... if you call... I’ll show up...
Whenever? Like even at night?
Even at night...
The mines are being operated twenty-four hours a day in two shifts. Apparently, they detonate blasts day and night.
I understand that specialized expertise is needed for the blasting powder, but they must be really shorthanded.
Then again, she might be doing it because she likes it. She seems to have an awful lot of fun detonating the charges.
We make small talk as we walk inside the mines.
There aren’t any guards on watch, so it isn’t an issue being away from the working edge.
I heard that you’re... being bullied.
I’m also hated by the people around me... although they’re not inmates...
We’re the same... Hehe, heh...
......
She knows a lot about the mines.
How do you know so much?
I-It’s complicated...
She fidgets with her bangs as she speaks.
We walk around some unknown paths, and I find myself in a totally unfamiliar place.
Nobody will come here... There’s a lot of space too...
Thanks.
I take off my clothes and bare it all.
What are you doing?
Training.
When I’m trapped underground, just swinging the pickaxe isn’t enough.
I’ll use this time to become stronger.
I start doing push-ups.
That’s because the secret to Kazan Shingan Style is lung capacity.
......
Chisato observes in wonder.
So you... made an enemy of a captain...?
Yeah.
The captains are... really strong. You won’t be able to go against her, inside the prison.
Yeah, I had a rough time.
Veritably.
Chisato’s words are charged, but her voice is clear and pretty.
No matter how hard you try... you’re no match against political power.
No match.
Y-Yeah... It’s a waste of time?
She has a sad look.
So why do you... fight?
For my idol.
Logically speaking, taking the Chief’s side here isn’t a very winnable battle.
But I have heart.
I can do anything for my idol.
I know our chances are slim... but I’m doing what I think is right.
That’s what a Taeka Hatae fan does.
Then I’ll just have to become the number one Taeka Hatae fan in the world.
......
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
S-So cool...
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
Y-You have a strong will...
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
Although your yelling is weird.
I promised myself I would save her.
I want to see the Chief.
But is that really all?
......?
I put the question to myself honestly.
Of course, I do want to save the Chief.
But I might just want to be with her.
I would sell my soul to the devil for that.
Only being able to see her for a short time in the evening is only making that feeling stronger.
......
Is there something I can do?
Some way to see the Chief locked up in her cell?
Then Chisato pokes me.
Don’t poke my butt. I pooped myself.
S-Sorry, but...
There’s a way outside... This way.
It’s like the lowest circle of hell.
T-There’s my cell...
Apparently there’s a cell ward just beneath us, and the floor appears to be covered in doors.
I also hear what sounds like groaning.
The air is stagnant, and an uncomfortable feeling washes over me.
What is this place?
......
Chisato doesn’t answer and briskly continues forward.
I follow after her.
H-Here, this hole...
There is a narrow hole where Chisato is crouching down.
There is a small, square iron grill nearby.
It’s dark and narrow... I-Is that okay?
More than this prison?
Just then, Chisato gives me a little smile.
Inside is a cavity just large enough for one person to get through.
It continues diagonally upward, and I can’t see its end.
It’s narrow enough that someone claustrophobic might have a panic attack.
If you keep going straight... it goes vertical. Then you just climb up like a spider.
Hah!
Eep...
I stick the pickaxe into the rock, allowing me to climb up the vertical portion with ease.
As I continue through the darkness, I see a faint light in the distance.
I continue forward.
And find myself at the surface.
......
It’s where I cleaned up my poop before.
I’m only given permission to go outside during my evening break. Oh, and I’m not allowed to meet anyone.
It seems that Chisato routinely comes up to the surface like this.
I’m not sure even Warden Mizushiro knows about this route.
......
It appears that we climbed up an old pipe.
If that was some kind of an air vent...
It might be connected to other areas underground.
The path split into two on our way here.
Let’s go back, Chisato.
Uh, ’kay...
I commit the direction of the checkpoint to memory, and we go back inside the pipe.
(END)
......
Well, well. Sitting on your knees to reconsider your actions? You’re quite the matriarch.
It’s cold inside this room, isn’t it? I think it’s because of the ocean breeze. Perfect for reflecting on your past actions. Haha!
...
Hm?
......
.........
Hyah?!
......?!
It’s a good thing that guard was so loud. I was able to find your location immediately.
H-How was that?
Perfect.
Kid?! What are you...?!
An air vent? In this building?
The Chief looks exasperated and also surprised.
The hole was barely papered over, so I was able to break it open with my pickaxe.
I see, that’s why this room is so cold... I suppose I got lucky, getting moved to this cell.
Not all of the cells seem to be situated like this, so we really are fortunate.
You told me to always come back to you, no matter what.
Yeah... Although, this isn’t what I meant.
Hm... Something smells.
I look around.
This is the Chief’s cell.
P-Poop.
......
......
W-What is it?
This is my first time in a girl’s room, so I’m a little nervous.
Hehe... Don’t stare at my things too much.
......
As my chest thumps away, the Chief narrows her eyes.
The patrol’s here. Hide in my bedding.
Chisato.
Fngh...
We jump into the bed, trying to lie as flat as possible.
I-It’s warm...
Chisato is flat to begin with, so I doubt we’ll get caught.
The Chief nonchalantly leans against the wall to hide the hole.
I heard some noise coming from this direction... Did something happen, Number 0019?
......
Oh, that’s right! The great and mighty yakuza matriarch is too good to talk to us commoners, right?
What, you haven’t touched your lunch? You should eat it. We mixed in some extra love—I mean
We’ll bring you something even tastier tomorrow, so you have that to look forward to. Hahahaha...
......!
C-Calm down...
A violent emotion builds inside me.
She’s gone. You can come out now.
Hah... I haven’t been on a bed in forever... It feels good...
I commit that guard’s face to memory.
I will make her pay for this eventually.
As you see, it’s not just the mediators. We have enemies among the guards as well. My guess is that Agatsuma ordered them to keep watch over me.
It appears this is the Sex Crimes Ward.
The nun must have transferred the Chief from the Serious Offenses Ward to her own Sex Crimes Ward.
The biggest problem is that we don’t have a way to tell who is an enemy and who’s not.
Because we don’t know who’s brainwashed.
Until we can figure that out, it’s going to be hard to get our revenge on Agatsuma.
What are the conditions and means for us to corner Agatsuma?
The first condition to bring her down is to find evidence that she’s brainwashing the inmates.
In order to do that, we need to find out what ‘H’ really is, organize to fight it, and expose the mole.
Mole?
Agatsuma couldn’t have pulled off that big move unless she knew I had the toothpaste tube hidden on my person.
Which means...
Yeah, there’s a mole in the Hatae Clan.
Now that she mentions it, it’s true.
If she didn’t pin this on the Chief then and there, the nun would’ve been the one at the disadvantage.
She wouldn’t have been able to do that unless she knew all this information beforehand.
I hate having to suspect my own people, but... maybe that’s part of Agatsuma’s plan too.
The Chief is face to face with a harsh reality.
She can’t afford to assume her family wouldn’t betray her.
Then there’s one more problem.
As long as I’m working in the prison, I could get brainwashed by the nun at any time.
If we’re facing harsh realities, then we need to think about that as well.
I mean, there’s a chance that I’ve already been brainwashed.
And it’s not impossible that I would betray you.
Are you sure you can trust me no matter what?
I can.
The Chief answers immediately.
Isn’t that a contradiction?
No, not at all.
The Chief makes it sound like it’s all obvious.
I’ve seen a lot of different families rise and fall. Even idiots can find success. Sometimes you just need to ride a wave.
But idiots can’t maintain that success. They always cause their own downfall—and they’re always the ones who can’t trust their own.
In other words, there can be no action unless you operate on trust.
Suspecting everyone is what that fake-ass nun
I trust my own eyes, and my eyes know your worth.
If you betray me, then it’ll only be because I’ve failed you.
The yakuza live like each day could be our last. I’m damn well sure not gonna regret a single second.
If I die following my own code, then that’s not so bad.
I feel my heart filling up.
I want to be useful to her.
I desperately want to support her.
Anyway, doesn’t change the fact that we’re still fucked right now...
I tried looking into it, but I couldn’t find anything about ‘H.’
She flicks back her long hair and rests her chin on her hands.
And why isn’t the nun attacking us at any cost when we’re so weak?
If she’s really looking to drag me down, she shouldn’t be confining me to my cell. She should be dragging me out in public.
One of the biggest reasons we can’t take much action now is because of this.
We don’t know what Agatsuma’s end game is.
There’s no need for guards to brainwash inmates.
Because inmates have to do what the guards say to begin with.
Why are they brainwashing inmates, and why are they letting us be now? So much we don’t know.
It’s hard to see what the nun is trying to do and for what purpose.
That’s why we’re struggling to find a way to deal with the situation.
And most of all, we’re down too many men right now.
War is about the numbers. Nothing beats having the numbers advantage.
We need allies. Ones we know won’t betray us.
We need to increase our allies for the coming battle.
It’s the most difficult task right now when brainwashing is in the picture.
Finding people we can trust.
T-That sounds tough...
......
......
There’s one.
Yeah, you’re right.
Huh?
We found one sooner than I expected.
Help us, Chisato.
Huh? M-Me?
You said we were cool earlier.
I-I did, but I also said you didn’t stand a chance...
Did you?
I-I did... I think.
But I know you’re definitely not working with the nun, since you’re stuck underground.
Veritably, but...
What’s that mean?
It means, ‘well, yeah, but.’
I try my best to convince her.
You’ve already helped us this far, I want you to see it all the way through.
I know you don’t think it’s right for the Chief to be locked up here forever.
Veritably...
Well, yeah, but?
......?
Chisato nods as she fidgets with her fingers.
I can’t accept this reality.
But I say it anyway.
So we need to fight. That’s how I’ve lived my life.
......
That’s why I want you to help us.
I implore you.
I bow my head down low.
That seems to get through to her.
I-I doubt I’ll be much use to you... but I can’t make things worse...
......
I-I’ll help you...
She says meekly and nods slightly.
B-But I really won’t be much help.
That’s fine. We’re just grateful to have you.
Just forming a team helps drive away the helpless feeling.
We’re the former Team 69... the new Dog Team.
If we gather enough people to fight evenly against the nun, it will be even more reassuring.
What other people might we be able to find to help us?
Let’s see... Most guards don’t want trouble, so I doubt they’d want to stick their necks out for us.
Someone who’s opposed to Agatsuma, won’t likely be brainwashed, and is either on her level or higher...?
The only position on a captain’s level is a fellow captain or the warden.
An officer who is clearly opposed to the nun?
......!
There’s only one who fits that criteria.
The captain of the Serious Offences Ward.
Yes, Hazuki Yugao.
First, I start with gathering all the information we can find on Captain Yugao.
If we want her as an ally, we need to know what kind of person she is.
She’s also known as the Queen Bee of Tulip Prison.
We can always turn to our information broker in these situations.
He still speaks to me normally even now.
However, I hide behind the shadow of his chair so as to avoid drawing any attention.
Just so you know, you definitely shouldn’t be messing with her if you care about your life.
Is she that scary?
Captain Yugao lacks the empathy and compassion most people have. Everyone else is a pawn she can use to further her own career.
And she’s a huge sadist. She loves torturing people, and some say she became a guard because it would let her be violent in public.
Rumors say that her cane has a powerful stun gun hidden inside.
I recall the cane she is always carrying that makes that unsettling noise.
Now imagine somebody like that in charge of a group like the SST and you’ll see what makes her so nasty. She’s involved in all the violence that happens inside this prison.
The other officers have a hard time touching Captain Yugao as she is in charge of the SST.
Right now, that will work in our favor.
Is there anything else you know?
Information on Captain Yugao is hard to come by. She doesn’t talk about herself much. I hear she became a correctional officer after leaving grad school, but she’s full of mystery.
That’s pretty rare, isn’t it? Most people want to talk about themselves when they get power. Staying quiet is harder than you think.
She could be purposefully limiting the information on her, I think to myself.
Someone who keeps herself secret to maintain great power.
But I’m surprised you’d ask me about her. I could be working with her for all you know. I’m a smuggler—it’s only natural to suspect me.
It’s fine. I figured I could trust you.
......? I’m happy you trust me, but I’m afraid I wasn’t very helpful.
Not at all.
I stand up.
I don’t want to cause trouble for Mr. Kugitani by having someone spot us together.
The officers know the other officers best. If you’re curious, you should ask one of them. No guarantee they’ll give you an answer though.
That’s totally true, I think to myself.
As I’m conducting my investigation, I continue my work in the mines.
......
I swing my pickaxe by myself.
It’s a little lonely.
Hey.
I turn around and see Mr. Bear standing there.
What can I do for you?
I’m happy that he’s talking to me for the first time in a while.
We’re good here. You go excavate over there.
......
I feel a little sad as I see Mr. Bear leave almost immediately.
The spot he directed me to has a light on.
This is the lowest working edge in the shaft.
......!
I hope the day comes when I can talk with all the miners again.
I think to myself.
I wrap up my work and return to the surface.
They won’t let me in the bath, so I have to wash myself in the lake.
I take off my grimy, sweaty inmate uniform and pick up some fallen leaves to wipe my body with.
Number 0720, why are you taking off your clothes there?
I’m spotted by Sofurin.
Your crime was public indecency! Taking off your clothes here is a sign that you have no remorse!
But I calmly answer.
I’m not fully naked. See.
I point at my groin.
A chastity belt...
Chastity belts are prison-approved devices.
Because that’s a sex corrective device... it is allowed in prison.
As long as I have this on, I cannot be naked.
If that’s the case, I’m willing to overlook this. However, you should refrain from any action that can be so easily misinterpreted in the future.
She somehow looks even more exhausted than usual.
By the way, I want to talk to you about your recent situation.
Yes, ma’am.
It seems that most of the inmates are saying that they don’t want to work with you.
Number 0720 is clearly being ostracized.
She lets out a heavy sigh.
This has never happened before. I mean, there have been some hated inmates, but the only people being more ostracized than you are the pedophiles.
She stares me down, and I can see the bags under her eyes.
It seems that...
......!
...you pooped yourself.
......
It’s a biological response. Although, I think that it’s childish that they’re ostracizing you for pooping yourself.
However, it’s only natural that they would make fun of you.
I think to myself that Sofurin is probably a neutral party.
We’ve decided that if you poop yourself again, we’ll deem it an intentional attempt at scat play and punish you accordingly. Stay firm!
The officers know the other officers best.
And by stay firm, I don’t mean an erection! It’s a figure of speech! Don’t you dare take it the wrong way! Stay firm but
Okay.
That may be true, but I doubt it applies to Captain Yugao.
Who’s the number-one expert on this prison’s cast of correctional officers...?
Her
The one who knows the guards the best...
Is that brown-nosing Crappymori.
AKA Hiwako Kushimori.
Crappymori is in the rehab center’s reception area.
Long time no see, Crappymori.
Ack! Grim Reaper!
She’s still a mediator, and unlike me, her prison life is still rather cushy.
There’s something I want you to tell me.
I-I can’t... because getting involved with you will only bring me trouble... The bosses will hate me, and the inmates will bully me...
I decide to make one assumption...
Hahahaha! W-Wait a second... I’m in a better position than this brat right now...
Anyone who refuses me information isn’t brainwashed.
This is your punishment for toying with me... I hope you suffer a lot... Hehe!
Because if she were actually brainwashed, it would be easier to just feed me false information.
So you’ll get my help over my dead body...!
......
Even having proven that she isn’t brainwashed, actually getting her help is another story.
Is it that fun for you that I’m suffering?
Not just you, other people’s suffering is like honey to me... You know how zoo-zoos are special in prison.
Then I’ll show you more.
Huh?
Kushimori makes a crazy sound.
Do you want to make a bet, Crappymori?
The loser has to answer the winner’s question.
Crappymori is listening to me with hardly any interest.
I have to go to the bathroom right now.
I can’t tell if it’s solid or liquid.
I’ll push whatever it is out, and we’ll bet over which it is.
She sneers as I make this proposal.
You’re way more at the advantage. How is that even a bet?
I’ll tell you how.
If I poop myself again, Captain Shikolenko said she would personally discipline me.
I wouldn’t be surprised if I get sent to solitary.
......!
The moment we make this bet, I will not be able to avoid disciplinary action.
Even if I win, Crappymori won’t experience much of a loss.
In other words, she almost has nothing to lose.
Which do you want to bet on?
Liquid.
Then I pick solid.
I quietly close my eyes.
It’s solid.
I have won the bet.
Despite losing, Crappymori looks quite pleased.
So... what do you want to know?
What do you know about Captain Yugao?
Captain Yugao... Let’s see, I remember someone saying her family was poor... And she supported herself as a student, making her way to grad school on scholarships...
Also... Oh, that’s right! She’s on real bad terms with your favorite Captain Agatsuma from the Sex Crimes Ward... Probably because she gets in the way of her career advancement...
That’s why she gets really happy when you say bad things about Captain Agatsuma... Hehe...
(END)
I see, so now we know that Agatsuma and Yugao have a hostile relationship.
Seems that way.
The bed... is so warm...
I report my findings to the Chief the next day.
The hole in the wall is being covered by a poster we procured.
I did notice that they never seemed to agree on anything during my inquiry... so I’m not surprised.
Yeah.
It’s safe to assume that Yugao isn’t working with Agatsuma.
Just learning that information is great progress for us.
I know it’s weird for a gambler like me to say this, but you took a real risk there.
With a little practice, you can learn how to make defecating noises with your mouth.
I didn’t know you had that in your bag of tricks.
I don’t.
Huh?
I don’t.
Huh?
I wasn’t sent to solitary for pooping myself.
Your weak stomach is almost criminal! After you do a hundred push-ups, go get checked out at the medical ward!
Instead, I was sent to the medical ward since she felt like there was something wrong with my digestive system.
You poor thing.
I defecated myself on purpose.
Huh?
Why...?
I am lucky I was able to come to the medical ward.
I have a few things I wanted to ask Dr. Higuchi.
Do you know anything about Captain Yugao?
Hm? She doesn’t come visit me very much... Why do you ask?
I’m looking into her.
I hear she went to grad school.
Seems that way. She went to a pretty famous national school and received a Master’s in Psychology or something. It puts me in an awkward position.
She came from poverty, didn’t she?
Suddenly, Dr. Higuchi’s expression sours.
Like I’ve said before, I’m a doctor. I can make small talk, but I can’t talk about my patient’s private information.
I would sincerely like to know.
No. It may feel like it’s nothing, but it’s important to stay fair and balanced. I’ll blow you a kiss, and that’s going to have to be enough.
Here. Mwah.
I decide that is enough to satisfy me.
However, she doesn’t seem likely to answer any direct questions about Sister Julia either.
I know someone who whips people, and then whips herself.
Where’d that come from? Is this an S&M thing?
What kind of mental state would that describe?
She plays with the edge of some documents before she speaks.
I’m not a psychology expert, so I can’t say for sure...
But loving someone else so much that they believe them to be an extension of themselves and punishing them for not doing as they say is something stalkers often do.
How do you engage someone like that?
You shouldn’t. You need to run. Are you involved with a walking red flag like that?
I feel like the whole prison is full of people like that.
But unfortunately, I can’t run.
Because it’s someone we are going to have to fight very soon.
You’re up to something again, aren’t you? I can’t say I’m very pleased.
Why not?
Because I’m worried about you, what else?
I don’t want to think that Dr. Higuchi has been brainwashed.
But I have to consider the possibility.
Would you like to make a bet?
No.
I currently need to go to the bathroom.
I’m not playing.
If I win, please tell me about Captain Yugao.
No.
She is not playing along at all.
The only game I’ll play with you is this. Which hand is the candy in?
I point to the right.
I win again, and she gives me an orange-flavored candy.
It’s good.
You used to be so focused on your game before... now it’s this.
Did you find something even more absorbing than your game?
Now that she mentions it, I don’t spend as much time thinking about games lately.
Even I’m surprised, considering how obsessed I used to be.
I still want to make a game.
But if I were forced to choose between that and the Chief...
...I wonder what I would decide.
You don’t need to compare the two. You can have more than one thing that’s important to you.
Well, there you go.
If that’s what Dr. Higuchi says, I’ll cherish them both, I think to myself.
Goodbye, Dr. Higuchi.
Okay, goodbye. Take care.
Mm...
Is someone there?
I guess I just imagined it... Humm, hum, huuum...
......
I continue my work at the mine’s deepest level.
It may be lonely here, but at least I don’t have to deal with other inmates showing up.
That’s why I can stay hidden without any worry.
I-I wish you would remember... the way already...
It’s hard because it all looks the same.
I’ve stopped getting nervous about going to the Chief’s room.
So I guess Yugao is keeping a tight lid over her own personal information... She’s pretty smart for a goddamn gourd.
The Chief’s posture is so pretty as she sits on her knees.
All we know right now is that Captain Yugao’s family is poor.
A-And that she went to grad school... at a national university...
In other words, we haven’t made much progress.
What now? Should we go negotiate with her?
No, that might be dangerous. She may not be as bad as Agatsuma, but we don’t know what Yugao is capable of nor what she’s thinking.
We still don’t know why Captain Yugao has such a hostile relationship with the nun.
It’s hard to make a move until we find that out.
B-Because we don’t know if we share the same objective?
Exactly.
Depending on the situation, we might make an enemy of Captain Yugao on top of the nun.
If were to happen, we would be almost complete locked down.
What do you think of Captain Yugao, Chisato?
......
She tends to become even more quiet when it comes to Captain Yugao.
S-She’s dangerous... I-It’s probably safer not to get involved with her...
She makes herself small as she tells us this.
But we can’t do that.
......
She’s the best chance we have.
If she’s poor, we could donate money to her.
Maybe if we can get word out to the outside, but even using the phone would be dangerous right now.
We need a closer.
Just then...
Hngh!
The sound of the siren pierces my ears.
We hear rushed footsteps outside the bars.
Hey, what happened?!
The Chief shouts as she grabs the bars.
There was an accident!
There was an accident in the mines!
Move! Move! Let me through!
Cough, cough
Captain Agatsuma, what is going on here?!
It seems the underground methane gas levels got too high.
There was an inmate excavating the bottom level where there isn’t proper ventilation equipment.
Methane?! Get a head count right away! We need a roll call from every team leader and report...!
Captain Agatsuma! We have a message from the monitor room! The temperature underground is rising rapidly!
That probably means there’s a fire!
Oh, my. A mine fire.
There are small explosions occurring everywhere, and the sprinklers aren’t enough to extinguish the fires!
At this rate, the fire could reach the surface!
This seems like quite a problem.
W-Wait... Minato isn’t here...
What? Number 0720?!
What’s going on?! Did we not reach him?! He’s not even on the list!
Exhibitiman went to the bottom level by himself... There’s a chance he didn’t hear the siren...
How could that happen?! What about his team? I think he was on Dog Team.
There’s no Dog Team... He’s on my team, and he just disappeared...
......!
What does the manual say to do if the sprinkler system can’t extinguish the fire?
If the fire can’t be extinguished, then we release the coal washing station. We reverse the flow of water and hope to put out the fire with seawater.
Tulip Prison is a small island. If the fire reaches the surface, this whole area will be engulfed in flames!
Well, since dear Hazuki is out on an errand to the mainland, I suppose I’m in charge here.
W-Wait!
I’ll go look for Number 0720! Please wait on the water until I have some time!
C-Calm down, Captain Shikolenko! If you do that, you’ll die of carbon monoxide poisoning!
Let go of me! If you flood it with seawater, he’ll drown even if he’s still alive! Are you saying we just leave him to die?!
But it was Number 0720 who just went off on his own to excavate the bottom level, right?
Then it’s his own fault...
Don’t be stupid! This is management’s responsibility! This is our problem!
I can’t let you go down there, dear Sofurin. The smoke’s already reached here...
But a convict’s life is in danger!
You think this doesn’t pain me?!
All alone deep underground... burning up somewhere where nobody can find him... Ah! Ah! How awful! What suffering!
Burning alive must be so painful! The thought alone tears my heart apart!
What are you...?!
Because yakuz
......
Saving lost sheep is supposed to be my calling! I’m so useless! I curse myself!
Ah, stop, Captain Agatsuma!
This pain is nothing compared to the children being burned alive! This is nothing!
But there is nothing we can do... In order to minimize the damage... in order to save the most lives...!
If someone has to shoulder this burden, then I will take it upon myself!
......!
So... prepare to flood the mines.
The order is delivered over the radio.
There’s a collapsing sound in the distance, and seawater floods into the mines.
The smoke begins to dissipate.
Ah... Ah...! Why do I... always...!
Having shown up late, I just watch.
......
You’re alive!
It’s as if I’m watching my own funeral.
Minato?! Where were you?! Why didn’t you answer the roll call?! What were you doing?!
I’m sorry... I pooped myself, so I came up to the surface earlier.
You fool! I’m glad you have such a loose colon...!
Sofurin falls apart, crying.
Hah, thank God... That was nerve-racking.
A sense of relief comes over the people at the entrance of the mine.
......
Except for the nun.
She looks at me like an insect again.
Ngh, ngh...
She hugs me, tears streaming down her face.
Ahhhhhhh! Thank God! The Lord is always watching over us!
She repeats this over and over as she caresses my head.
Ah, thank the Lord! Salvation lies within us! We are forever thankful, Lord!
I’m speechless.
Afterwards, the miners head to the medical ward.
While they were able to evacuate early, they will be examined and checked for carbon monoxide poisoning.
However, as there are too many of us, anyone with only minor symptoms is being seen at the rehab center instead.
After I finish my examination, I return to my own cell.
......
If I hadn’t gone to the Chief’s room and stayed down in the mines working...
...I would have been down there when the methane gas exploded and been surrounded by carbon monoxide.
Even if I had somehow survived...
...I would’ve drowned when they flooded the area with seawater.
......
It’s chilling.
Like someone was telling me to die.
Never in my life have I been so certain that 
......!
If the nun was behind this fire...
...then she was trying to kill me.
It was intelligently and meticulously planned.
Am I going to have to live under this pressure from now on?
......?!
Someone covers my mouth from behind.
Something gets stuffed in my mouth, and my arm is twisted behind my back.
Don’t move. Any movement will only cause you pain.
The voice also drips softly with venom.
I’m blindfolded and taken away.
How far we walk, I can’t say.
I climb some stairs and sit in a chair.
They take off my blindfold.
It’s a moonlit room.
The interior is in shambles and lined with dark-colored vessels.
If someone asked me what this place was...
Welcome to my room.
...I would say it was a torture chamber.
Captain Yugao looks terrifyingly at home in this room.
......
Behind her, a lanky SST officer is standing by.
You’re that Hatae butter dog, aren’t you, boy? The one she seems to care so much about. I don’t believe this is our first meeting.
I suppose I should be happy that it wasn’t the nun who kidnapped me.
I’m not blind. I know when someone’s sniffing around.
What does a dog like you want with me?
Although, this situation is plenty dangerous for me as well.
Can’t say?
I’m struggling to decide whether to tell you or not.
Then do it in pain.
Ngh!
My eyes bulge from the pain.
My mouth opens automatically and spit flies out.
Ms. Hazuki...
Disgusting... This is what happens when you offend me. Only open your mouth once you understand this.
It’s hard to breathe.
But I remember what the Chief taught me.
When you’re in pain—that’s when your brain most needs oxygen.
What are you?
I calm myself down and think to myself.
This is actually my chance.
I want... your help.
Is that so? Well, I’ve never once thought of anything I could ever need from a mutt like you.
I can help you with Julia Agatsuma.
......
Captain Yugao’s expression changes for a second.
You and the nun have a hostile relationship. If you’re going to face her, then I’m sure we can be useful...
Why...? Because I have proof that will kill her...!
But we’re not able to use it effectively...
That’s why... we want to partner with you.
If Captain Yugao really is having trouble with the nun, it means she doesn’t have an advantage over her.
Which means she has a use for allies.
You’re right in saying that Julia is an obstacle to me.
Then...
But what evidence do you have that proves you aren’t working with her?
She’s cunning. A fox who’ll stab you in the back from where you least expect it.
......
I only trust the people in this prison I deem to be trustworthy.
Just like us.
And I’m sure she’s right in doing so.
I’m with the Hatae Clan.
That’s why I make my position clear.
And I almost got killed by the nun today.
I think this situation is my evidence.
However, Captain Yugao is more cautious than I thought.
I wasn’t there. I wouldn’t put it past Julia to prepare something that meticulously, but there’s also the possibility that you put yourself in that situation.
I think that’s good enough.
I am a fan of the carrot and the stick. There’s nothing more effective to control a person.
We wouldn’t want her help to begin with if she wasn’t this cautious.
So if you wish for the carrot, you’re going to have to offer something of equal value.
Then that makes this very simple.
So try your best to bring back satisfactory results. You want my trust? Earn it, boy.
I’ll do whatever it takes to get her approval.
(END)
The mines will be closed for a while due to the fire.
We are given a rare extra day off and are gathered in the gym.
Whoa there!
......
You’re in the way, brat. This is Gijin territory. We got no room for Kyushu rednecks.
W-We’re full up here... Go sit somewhere else...
......
Hey, kid.
I want to live in peace... I feel bad for you, Ex-man, but...
The smart play is to avoid any unnecessary conflict. Let’s go.
I’ll remember this.
We quietly leave the gym.
You will now be presented with a play produced by the prison for the purpose of sex education. Be quiet and watch the show.
Ahhhhhhh! Someone help me!
Hahaha! My name is Lower-half! I take away your brain’s ability to think and turn you into a monster only capable of thinking of sex!
Screw you!
Ngh! Ow! Ow!
Evil penis! Die! Die!
And so the hero Rationale defeats the evil Lower-half and becomes a contributing member of society.
I turn my back to the sex education play I hear in the distance and take a breath.
We were cast out and asked to stand guard instead.
Just when you get a nice afternoon out of your cell, they make us stand guard instead.
But that works out for us.
I could talk to the Chief forever.
Bring back results if you want the carrot, huh? Sounds like something the Calabash Bitch’d say.
But it’s a reasonable request.
Exactly. You need your co-conspirators to be on your level, or you never know when you’ll get stabbed in the back.
What we need now are results that Captain Yugao will accept.
So what would that look like?
She’s basically saying she’s not going to be the one to do the work. She’s testing us to see if we’re worth helping.
She crosses her arms and leans back against the wall.
If that’s the case, we just need to prove our worth.
In order to prove that we are helpful...
We need to offer Captain Yugao information even she doesn’t know.
We already have that.
We 
But that’s our secret weapon. It’s not smart to use your trump card for your first hand.
I agree.
We’re better off winning over Captain Yugao’s trust some other way.
Find another piece of information on the nun—but how?
You can’t get the ripest fruit unless you climb out to the branches. I think it’s time we take some risks.
The Chief lowers her voice in order to not be overheard.
The nun uses the drug ‘H’ to brainwash inmates at the gatherings. Say we operate under that assumption. What do you think about this situation?
She is looking towards the mine.
That fire was clearly systematically organized. Otherwise, there’s no way everyone could’ve evacuated unscathed.
Agatsuma brainwashed the miners and carried out her plan using them as her pawns.
The whole thing was premeditated to kill you.
I think so too.
Looking back at Mr. Bear’s behavior, it was more than not wanting to be ostracized himself.
Everyone probably got brainwashed somewhere along the line.
But none of them are second-class inmates.
Exactly. In other words, she’s using ‘H’ some other way besides the gatherings.
The Chief says she has a place in mind.
Where’s that?
The chapel. I can’t say for sure, but she also serves as the prison chaplain. She gives sermons.
The chapel’s ‘spiritual counseling’ service revolves around giving guidance to inmates on things like atoning for their crimes or how to live their lives.
I participated once, and it was really boring.
I figured, but there’s no better place for Agatsuma to do her brainwashing.
She has a point.
Now that I think about it, I remember the miners used to invite me to the chapel a lot.
But I’ve gone before and wasn’t brainwashed.
Exactly, which means she’s probably picking out her targets somehow. In other words, I doubt infiltrating one of her sessions would get us proof. We’d be risking our safety for nothing.
The Chief hesitates before continuing.
There’s one more gathering we don’t know about.
Which one?
The first-class gathering.
First-class inmates, the highest rank there is.
The first class leave the prison once a month to do manual labor. I wasn’t able to participate because of my job as mediator, but the one in charge was...
The nun.
The Chief nods slightly.
There is a secret hidden here.
We might be able to find out why the nun is brainwashing the inmates.
Then I’ll just become a first-class inmate like before.
I feel that it’s worth infiltrating, I think to myself.
Unfortunately, it’s not that easy to become a first-class inmate.
Just being good won’t cut it?
No. You’ll need letters of recommendation from several officers to get first-class status, but take a look at our situation.
Our reputation sucks.
Plus, you’ll still need an interview with the warden on top of that. She might be a dumb old hag who can’t keep Yugao and Agatsuma in check, but she’s not a complete moron.
While the nun may have orchestrated it, it was Warden Mizushiro who demoted us herself.
Even if I get a recommendation, it’s hard to imagine that she’ll promote me to first class that easily.
But this is a bit too juicy to give up so easily.
I’ll look into it and see if there’s some other way I can become first class.
You think there’s something that convenient?
I do. An officer just tried to kill me for her own convenience, so I’m due for a lucky break.
You got that right. Then I’ll see if there’s a way we can infiltrate it. I mean, what kind of yakuza would I be if I only followed the rules?
We laugh.
I check to see if the play is over and sprint.
......
Tried to kill him, huh? Right...
I almost lost the kid...
I would’ve gotten him killed...
......
Keep it together, Taeka.
Yeah. There’s a way you can become a first-class inmate on the spot.
Mr. Kugitani is the first person I ask, and he answers rather nonchalantly.
Who do you think I am? I’m a smuggler. I can get you, so long as it’s not sweet and it’s not sexual.
You sell first-class privileges?
Just the application form. Put your name down on it, find an officer and a captain to recommend you, and pass the interview with Warden Mizushiro, and you’ll be in with the elites.
I have people in mind. I’d like to buy the form.
Okay, sure thing. I have a few in stock, and I’d love to get them off my hands, but...
How much?
You’ve got strong legs, right? I guess this place is soft enough in case you pass out. Okay, don’t be surprised. The price for the application form is...
He said it’s half a million yen.
......
They both look dumbfounded when I tell them the price.
Half a million yen.
Yeah.
How much is that in fuxx?
Half a million fuxx.
And let’s see, half a million fuxx is like...
Half a million yen.
......!
Ah, that’s some serious inflation!
I was so surprised, I fell over.
I’m deflating...
A brand-new tenth-class worker earns about 1,070 yen a month.
And since the prison keeps the money in escrow, it’s not like you can freely access and use it.
That’s an unlawful amount!
What a weird thing to say. We got sent here for breaking the law.
Still, half a million yen isn’t something you can just earn in prison.
Is there some way we could bring in the money from the outside?
Inmates bring in a small allowance so they can afford to buy things from the smuggler.
You could also get money sent to you through letters.
I’ve had my sister send me some cash a number of times already.
That’ll be hard. One or two bills are fine, but half a million yen makes a pretty fat stack. And getting sent multiple letters would also raise suspicions.
Besides, they’re also keeping an eye on us. That’s not gonna be a smart option for us.
If we blow this chance by getting caught, it would all be for nothing.
He told me I couldn’t put it on my tab.
It’s expensive, after all.
No, he just didn’t trust me to pay.
Bfah.
......
......
Is there some way we could get the money now?
Half a million... I used to handle hundreds of millions in property on the outside. Can’t believe I’m struggling over this small amount.
It’s not an insignificant amount.
Half a million yen is a lot of money.
That’s enough to buy a lot of sneakers and watches.
Hehe, right. That’s still a lot of money to you, huh, kid? How cute. Let me pet you.
Yay.
......
While half a million yen may be a lot, it’s not insurmountable, I think to myself.
I feel invincible when I’m with the Chief.
By the way, I plan to infiltrate them alone. Even if we raise the money, you’re staying back here.
Why?
Because. Your boss made a decision. It’s your job to follow it.
I give her a displeased expression, but the Chief doesn’t address it.
Holding down the fort is an important job, too. I’m leaving it to you.
I like that she’s patting me, so I don’t argue.
Ever since the Hatae Clan lost their mediator positions, it’s felt as if the prison has been slowly going off the rails.
Number 0720, do you know who’s collecting the requests? The deadline was yesterday, but I didn’t get any...
I’m sorry, I don’t know because I’m no longer a mediator.
Huh? Oh, right... Maybe Captain Agatsuma would know...
Apparently the Gijin Clan inmates who took over as mediatorss aren’t as diligent as we used to be.
It was so much easier before...
The inmates are part of the Sex Crimes Ward under the nun’s supervision, so the other officers can’t get angry even if they want to.
The mediators aren’t the only ones to change; the other inmates have as well.
What are you doing?! You’ve got some balls slacking off here!
Some inmates slack off during their work or fall asleep.
You need me to punch you to understand?!
......
What’s this...?
Despite receiving punishment, they still remain listless with no signs of remorse.
There are also the miners who can’t go to work. They just wait around doing nothing.
The rules of this board game are so confusing, Mr. Bear.
I guess that’s half the fun! Hahaha!
They’re probably bored with lots of time on their hands.
What are you looking at?
I decide to ignore them, as they have nothing to do with me anymore.
I’ve come to the telephone center.
This area is strictly monitored to ensure that no one says too much to the people outside.
A quarter past five, Number 0720 begins a phone call...
They used to only have guards standing on watch, but now they’re monitoring everything, even taking notes.
I pick up the receiver, feeling nervous.
Yes, this is Hatae Entertainment. What is the purpose of your call?
Hello, it’s been a while.
The Chief has asked me for a favor.
How may I help you?
I’m actually quite hungry.
I’ve been asked to call a trustworthy subsidiary and order them to send money.
It’s such a shame that they don’t have anything greasy here.
......
I’d like to order a steak.
Something happened to the Chief?
Slow-cooked, low heat.
And to say these lines if unable to talk freely.
The meaning of what I said is: We’re under attack. Get ready for trouble, and watch your back.
Understood. You be careful as well.
......
Figuring any more would be pushing it, I hang up the phone.
I was able to warn the Hatae Clan. That’s good enough in my mind.
So I punch in a different number.
Huh...? Shu?! Is that you, Shu?! I was worried! I haven’t heard from you in forever!
I call up my sister for the first time in a while.
The Chief told me not to worry my loved ones, so I decide to call her up.
So, how are you doing? You’re not sleeping with your belly exposed, are you?
I’m doing all right.
I decide not to tell my sister my situation.
It would only worry her.
Oh, by the way, I got a new gig for a social gaming company.
Congratulations.
My sister may be a working voice actress, but she doesn’t get many roles. I find this a little peculiar.
One of my mentors at the agency got the gig for me, and it’s not a non-humanoid character or mascot either!
But you’re so good at making animal sounds.
I have actual lines in Japanese! I’m so happy! I read the script so many times! Although, it’s in one of those spreadsheet programs...
I am genuinely happy for her.
It’s a card game with a cute girl as the main character. They’re looking to turn it into an e-sport!
But a part of me isn’t paying attention.
The rules are really simple, and anyone can pick it up.
How am I going to get half a million yen?
They say it’s like a fancy color-matching game, but I get a character with an actual name. I’m so happy.
Extort people for it? That’ll be hard in prison.
It’s the type of card game where players collect their favorite characters to build their own decks.
I need to find a legitimate way to collect money.
That’s why they’re making crazy bank, practically printing money almost as fast as they’re printing cards.
......!
I recall the scene I walked past just minutes ago.
Everyone is bored, with tons of free time.
And the prisoners may not have much, but they do have some cash on hand.
Huh? What’s wrong? Shu?
Thank you.
I’ve forgotten where I came from.
My goal was to make a game.
......
So I should make one.
A new game everyone can enjoy.
We’ll make a trading card game.
I tell the two my plan.
Trading cards?
Here’s the design document.
It’s so thick...
I had time, so I decided to write it all down.
Two players battle each other using 45-card decks, summoning cumdumpsters and using support cards.
They both start with 8,500 HP, and you lose if your HP reaches zero or you can’t draw from your deck.
I’ve just written down the basic rules, to get the image across.
Just like when I was making PC games.
W-What’s its name?
‘Zen-Gi-Oh!’ The King of Foreplay.
......
......
Zen-Gi-Oh!
That seems pretty iffy...
But sickos are the ones who’ll be playing the game. I think the cards should match their taste.
And an underground feel seems like it’d be a bigger hit.
Veritably.
Either way, they’ll get confiscated if they’re found.
But we should probably make it less obvious.
Then we just call it Zen-Gi-Oh! No tagline.
That should be fine.
Really...?
I flip the page and continue.
We make lots of cards and let them battle.
What kind of cards?
Like Bitch of the Pube Forest.
What’s the effect?
It draws a man from your deck.
Ground-breaking.
Is it?
If the designs are good, people can have fun with just collecting them. They don’t even need to play.
Just as my sister said, it’s better to have more ways it can be enjoyed.
That will allow us to sell it to more inmates.
Well, we’re just working with paper... so we should make a lot of money, if it’s popular.
Yeah,
It will.
I’m sure of it.
If you make the art, and Chisato writes the text, there’s no way it won’t be popular.
I mean, that’s the whole reason I got you two together.
......
So we just need to make the cards.
As many as we can crank out. That’s all we have to do.
I-I like having someone believe in me... I feel like I’ve been acknowledged... heheheh...
Chisato laughs infectiously. She seems very happy.
The Chief’s expression is still sour.
I see her point. We’ll be breaking a number of prison rules.
And since we’ll be bringing this to the public, there’s a lot of risk.
We’re already vulnerable. There’s no telling what will happen to us if we’re found out.
Chief.
I know, I know, you don’t need to make that face.
The Chief gives me a cool smile and pats me on the head.
You brought this opportunity to us... so let’s do it.
Yeah.
The Chief claps her hands.
All right, you motherfuckers, get fired up. Let’s act like yakuza and go fleece some money out of the civvies.
Yeah!
And so began the creation of our new game.
(END)
