Our days quickly grow busy with the work of production.
I am not all that familiar with trading card games.
That’s because I didn’t have any friends to play them with.
I read a few manga about them in prison and played a little bit in grade school.
That’s why I start by asking someone who knows a lot about card games.
Leave that to me! They don’t call me Shotgun Shuffle Ozawa for nothing!
That sounds like it would damage the cards.
Ozawa seems in good spirits when I see him for the first time in a while.
So it boils down to how much you can combo off without getting disrupted by your opponent. You gotta limit your draw sources and not let players just draw for free.
I see.
No matter how bored the inmates may be, the cards still have to come together as a game.
That’s why it’s important to make sure that we design them carefully.
And that’s my job.
So this third one, ‘Pot of Lust,’ is no good. Not enough risk. And change the effect for ‘Anus Emperor Dragon.’ What’s this 19th card, ‘NTR,’ supposed to be?
It’s supposed to be ‘Change of Heart.’
Definitely not.
I change the cards following Ozawa’s advice and reevaluate some of the rules.
And once I get the majority done, I hand it off to Chisato to refine it further.
I finished the next card. We should have a meeting.
Sure.
Now that the mines are back online, they make a perfect spot to work.
Next is, ‘If that card is sent to the graveyard, search for a cumdumpster from your deck and add it to your hand.’
So any character?
No, something with less than 1,920 attack.
Okay, 1,919 and under.
Chisato takes my card design and comes up with the flavor and character.
I’m thinking of making it like the shape of female genitalia.
What’s the name?
Clitte—
Hey, where is Number 0720?! Routine reports have been mandatory since the fire! I haven’t heard from him yet!
It’s quite thrilling to do this work under the guards’ noses.
Once the character is set, we bring it to the Chief for illustration.
I’m here, Chief.
Hey, kid. It’s that time already?
The Chief uses the pencil I smuggled in to draw the designs in a notebook.
How did the ‘Erection Reborn’ design go?
I left it over there... Check it for me.
What about ‘Winged Dragon, Cutter of the Pinky #1’ for the sequel expansion?
I haven’t gotten around to it yet. I’m having trouble depicting the loss of a finger... Should we just give it a knife?
The Chief has the most work to do, having to come up with over a hundred pieces of illustration.
It’s great!
Yeah? Hehe. Sometimes it’s hard to tell, but I guess I just gotta throw myself into it.
I’m happy to be able to see so much of the Chief’s art.
Once the card illustration and text are done, next is design.
It has to be scanned into the computer and formatted for print.
I thought I already repaid my debt to you, but I can’t just sit on the sidelines when it comes to a card game.
I thought it was going to be hard to convince Kurebayashi, but she ended up agreeing to help right away.
You like them?
Who do you think I am? In the Yellow Sub in Sendai, they called me Card Slapper Kurebayashi.
That’s so lame.
There are more people who love card games than I thought.
We might be able to expect some pretty strong sales, I think to myself.
Although, I didn’t play much since I didn’t have any friends.
So who called you Card Slapper Kurebayashi?
......
Yourself?
If you ask any more about this, I’m pulling out.
Then I’m done talking about it.
Anyway, you need to foil out the names for higher rarity cards. It makes them feel more valuable.
I see.
Kurebayashi knows about cards because she likes them.
If you want to add more rarity, you need to stick a hologram on the art part too. If you specify for a lamicoat treatment, they should understand.
Oh, the sparkly thing.
You could even emboss the cards with the highest rarity. Also, make sure the corners are rounded, so create a 2mm margin...
In any case, the print data is finished now.
To sell a card game, you need to put a lot of cards into circulation.
You have to use appropriate paper, and rare cards need all the special treatment Kurebayashi specified.
Once they’re printed, the cards need to be packed together and packaged for sale.
The prison has everything we need to do this.
I’d like you to print this file off whenever you have the time.
......
I have inmates in the print room that I used to be on friendly terms with.
If you do me this favor, I’ll never approach you again. I’ll even have someone else pick up the printed product from you.
I’m pretty sure you owe me one.
He hasn’t been brainwashed.
When the Ex-man asks for a favor, I shall oblige.
Thank you.
And so our trading card game is completed.
Next, we’ll need to spread the word.
No matter how good a card game is, if people don’t know about it, they can’t want it.
Duel! My turn!
So we gave away cards to a few inmates through Ozawa.
I equip Megamember to my Obnoxious Limpdick Guard and attack, ravaging your Cornhole!
How could I have lost to him?!
Tulip Prison is a small world.
Rumors spread fast.
Especially when something is interesting.
We also leave all sales to Mr. Kugitani.
Mr. Kugitani! I heard we can buy the card game everyone’s talking about from you!
We sold the cards wholesale to Mr. Kugitani, and he retails them based on demand.
Yeah, you can. Booster packs are 50 yen and the starter set is 550 yen. That’ll let you start playing right away. Do you want a rule book too?
We leave the pricing entirely up to him.
We just ask that he keeps things on the cheaper side so the cards will sell.
It’s not long before Zen-Gi-Oh! becomes widespread throughout the prison.
I use Premature Ejaculation to send the target to the graveyard!
Ah! I lost!
Heh.
The cards are a big hit, especially because they’re competing against board games with confusing rules.
Hey, duel me.
Even prisoners who don’t know each other can play together if they each have a deck.
Hohoho! You fell for it! Mirror Whores!
The fad soon takes on momentum.
That’s weird... We had a game just like this in my hometown...?
It isn’t just the bored inmates. All sorts of different inmates are enjoying the card game.
Once it grows a certain amount, we have our next job waiting for us.
Chisato, even though we nerfed Pot of Lust before release, it’s still strong.
People are building decks that win on turn one by comboing it with Enemaxodia, the Forbidden Fun. We need to put a limit to it.
T-Then, we could make a new card called the Pot of Bisexuality...
We have to add more cards so people don’t get bored.
Chief, the illustrations for the second expansion...
And we design counters to the top cards so the meta doesn’t become stale.
I’m drawing it now. Tell the printers to wait!
We’re incredibly busy.
What? You won’t sell me Zen-Gi-Oh! cards?!
I’ll pay double! Just let me buy some!
When a strong card comes out, the players come out to buy more packs.
Production is a little behind, so everyone is limited to two packs of the new expansion.
Zen-Gi-Oh! blows up.
Zen-Gi-Oh! is contraband in this prison! Bring them all out already!
When it becomes this popular, the officers can no longer keep quiet.
Wait, anything but that! Please!
Let go!
This is a really rare card! There’s only four in the world!
Really? You mean, these three?
They conduct surprise inspections, confiscating the merchandise without mercy.
Inmate! This is for breaking the rules!
(M-My Blue Balls White Dragon!)
There are rumors that the guards are secretly playing with the cards they’ve confiscated.
With the way our sales spiked after a certain incident, the rumors might be true...
One day, a guard caught us printing our next batch.
......
I thought it was all over.
However, the guard grabbed one of the freshly printed cards.
......
She put it in her pocket and took it as a bribe.
This is the power of the former Team 69, now reborn as Dog Team.
Our production process has been perfected.
And with people going to such lengths to collect cards, nobody wants theirs confiscated.
That drives a new demand for a place to keep them.
Um, is it true that you’d hold on to our decks for us, Mr. Kugitani? There’s rumors of there being an inspection tomorrow...
Mr. Kugitani has a place where he hides all his smuggled wares.
Yeah, I do. It’s a hundred yen a day or six hundred yen a week. It comes with insurance. If the prison confiscates it, you get back fifty thousand yen.
Now the inmates can buy the cards without any worry.
The card market has completely stabilized.
No matter how much we print, we can’t keep up with demand.
Kid, are we close to our target amount?
I-Is it almost over...?
No, not yet.
Either we add some more designs, or we go back to something that’s already been popular... Ol’ Blue-eyes Night Dragon is going to be the next spotlight.
I ride the wave and hold a card tournament.
I am able to get permission from the guards easily by giving them rare cards.
Over half the prison gathers in the recreation room, and it’s filled with feverish enthusiasm.
And that’s to be expected since there’s a prize of half a million yen on the line.
In other words, you want me to win so nobody wins the prize money.
While it’ll stimulate card sales, losing half a million yen would still send us backwards.
Can you do it?
What a stupid question. I won’t lose at cards. I’ll do it for two hundred thousand yen.
We can’t come out in the open, so we decide to leave this to Kurebayashi.
Here is my deck. Good luck, have fun.
What the fuck?! Your deck’s over two hundred cards... Can you even shuffle...?!
Judge! They knocked my deck over on purpose. I win!
That’s a judge kill.
Good luck, have fun. Oh, but one second, I need to use the restroom.
Where is she? We only have a minute left in our match...
I’m back. Okay, my Catabang Yodel deals a hundred damage to you. Oh, we’re out of time. Looks like I win since I have more HP. Judge!
That’s a bathroom judge kill.
You think you can out-cheap me?
Okay, I’ll do that too... I have to go use the restroom. Here is a poem about poop. If it will not come / I will try to force it out / Plop, plop / Plop, plop, plop!
Okay. Hey, judge! I think they don’t have enough cards! Can you do a deck check?! Judge!
That’s a bathroom judge kill steal.
You don’t need to go to the bathroom? You wanna try that cheap trick on me?
You just insulted your opponent. You lose.
What?! That doesn’t make any sense!
Look, it’s in the rule book.
Does anyone ever play cards?!
Juuuuuuuuuuudge!
No way... Did I just get out-cheaped?
And that’s a wiki-edit kill.
She’s pretty impressive.
The whole prison is in a fervor.
Stop! This isn’t dueling!
The fad has spun totally out of our control.
By the time things finally settle down...
We got it.
We’re in the territory of a few million yen.
T-This is... half a million yen!
Mr. Kugitani did the exchange for me. Apparently, he has connections.
Hm? Hold on...
The unbelievable thickness of this stack of bills is the result of our hard work.
I knew it... This is close to three times what we needed. I thought we only needed fifty thousand for the application form.
I know.
But I needed one and a half million yen.
Now we can buy multiple copies of the form.
What are you talking about, kid?!
I’m coming with you, Chief.
That was my intention from the beginning.
I’m not letting you go alone.
If we’re going to take a risk, we do it together.
As long as I’m with you, I know I can’t die.
There’s only one thing I can do to convince her, I think to myself.
You wouldn’t want me to regret this for the rest of my life, right?
......
The Chief pinches the space between her eyebrows.
Then lets out a large sigh.
Good grief, you’re just...
What’s that?
You’re so fucking cute!
Eep!
She kicks me.
Then caresses my head right after.
Did you forget how to express emotions?
This is the only reward I can give you right now, so I’m just gonna have to pet the shit outta you! There, there!
Yay.
This isn’t torture?
The Chief looks up.
Seriously, so much has happened. When did I become so soft?
It’s the first time I have seen her smile so purely in a while.
Let’s go together, kid. That’s the right path.
Yeah.
This suits her better, I think to myself.
I immediately fill out the application forms for first-class membership.
You’re sure you just want me there? I can’t tell you anything about the promotion. I can’t lie.
The captain who signed for us is Sofurin.
I asked her directly during her general office hours, which start at eight o’clock.
Why did you sign for us?
Well...
This has to do with Captain Agatsuma, right? She’s been acting really weird lately. I’m not sure how to say it, but I don’t know what she might do.
If you become a first-class inmate, I’ll be able to keep a better eye on you. That’s all.
Thank you.
At the same time, I apologize to her in my heart.
Because I plan to go somewhere beyond her reach again.
(END)
I knock on an extravagant door.
Come in.
Welcome to the office of Tulip Prison’s warden, Mr. Shuichiro Minato.
Warden Mizushiro is sitting at a long desk inside a luxuriously decorated room.
Now, why don’t you tell me what you’re doing here?
The Chief said she’s an old hag who Captain Yugao and the nun are playing for a fool.
Thank you for taking the time to meet me today, Warden Mizushiro.
But I’m not getting any impression of weakness from her.
I have come to humbly ask for an interview for a promotion to first-class status. Here is my application form.
You? A first-class inmate? There seems no issue with your documents.
She has a presence that only strong-hearted people possess.
However, Mr. Shuichiro Minato, I know your history. You’ve had forty-five infractions, nineteen stern warnings, and two stints in solitary. To call you a model inmate would certainly be a stretch.
I find myself having a hard time breathing just by talking with her.
Compared to the rather easy second-class promotion, a first-class inmate is rather special. If you commit an infraction after receiving a promotion, you will lose your status on the spot.
Yes, ma’am.
Can you prove that you are worthy of it?
That is why I’ve prepared a pledge.
I pull out a long sheet of paper from my breast pocket.
‘I have committed countless infractions up until this point. I’ve been demoted from second-class status twice, and I am extremely remorseful.’
I wrote this pledge to try to gain Warden Mizushiro’s understanding.
‘This may be difficult to believe, but it is the truth.’
‘If Number 0720 commits any future infractions,’
‘Sofiya Shikolenko will commit seppuku.’
......
......
......
You are sure about this?
Yes.
That is how prepared you are?
Yes, ma’am.
And you too, Captain Shikolenko?
Yes...
Very well then. If you’re that committed, I have nothing else to add.
The Warden stamps the documents.
I shall trust you, Mr. Shuichiro Minato. However, the prison has many eyes. Do not forget it.
Understood. Let’s go, Captain Shikolenko.
......
......
So that’s the inmate you were talking about.
Yes, he is interesting. There is definitely something different about him.
He’s sharp for his age, and he’ll do anything to achieve his goal. He did not sweat very much either... He actually reminds me a lot of Captain Agatsuma.
Me? Of course not. I won’t be that reckless.
And it seems he was doing something interesting recently. While he may have been a little careless at times, I have a favorable impression of him.
Yes, of course. I gave him my approval as promised.
Now we wait. Let’s see how he intends to deal with that psychopath.
Besides, I’m also curious to see how |she| is going to react.
It’s time to find out who is worthy of taking over for me.
Sure enough, we become first-class inmates.
And we receive the right to participate in their special gatherings.
I’m glad your application went well as well, Chief.
I passed pretty easily. It’s probably... Never mind, now’s not the time to worry about that.
We’re at a critical junction now. Right now, we should focus on this special confessional, ’cause we don’t know what’s gonna happen.
The gathering participants are rounded up at the prison grounds first.
There are more first-class inmates than I imagined, and it’s not that difficult to blend in.
We’ll be infiltrating hostile territory. We gotta keep our guard up!
Ozawa is joining us for the special confession.
We had the extra half a million yen, so we figured the more backup we had the better.
I know you already helped a lot selling the cards, but we need you for this one last push.
It’d be my pleasure...
The line begins to move.
I step out onto Dolphin Pier for the first time since coming to this prison.
We’ll be traveling to our destination by boat.
We embark soon after we enter the ship.
......
I’m outside of the prison right now.
What is it, Ozawa?
The thought leaves me with a strange feeling.
Oh, uh, it’s nothing!
It doesn’t feel like freedom.
Don’t even think about diving overboard to escape, kid.
Why not?
The way the current is, you’ll always get pulled back to the prison. There’s no point in trying to swim, you’ll just end up drowning.
Now that I think about it, I’ve heard something similar before.
That’s why there’s no escaping Tulip Prison.
......
Maybe that’s the reason why I don’t feel very liberated.
In ten minutes, we’ll arrive at our destination, Ukkon Island.
Please change into the standard clothing found at the back of the ship before we make landfall. Once you leave the prison, you are no longer inmates.
The inmates all change as they’re told.
This might be an effort to avoid scaring the general public at the destination.
Then I guess I didn’t need this.
Am I going to commit seppuku...?
Captain Shikolenko, I need a favor.
Another one?
Ozawa.
Sorry, let me get out of your way.
It’s me.
What? Is that you, Shuichiro?!
It’s Shuichiro.
I am dressed as a woman.
I was able to borrow this when I told Sofurin that I actually wanted to become a woman or whatever.
Right, I guess she’d be able to suss you out if you weren’t in disguise...
It feels breezy when I move, a new experience.
Do I look good?
I can’t really say...
I’m asking if I look good.
You do, you do... Don’t get so mad...
I’m surprised that Sofurin is into goth-loli fashion...
I have an outfit for the Chief too, see.
Phew... The chest area is a little tight, but how’s this?
The Chief is dressed as a man.
Her slender frame means she looks good in pants as well.
That’s my idol.
Yeah? I feel like my pant legs are a little short...
I want a polaroid.
Well, I don’t follow, but thanks for the compliment.
The bow of the ship slices through the indigo-colored ocean, splashing white seafoam everywhere.
Why do you think they were selling first-class applications?
The Chief asks quietly enough that the noise of the ship drowns her voice out.
So some fat cats can line their own pockets.
I’m sure that’s a part of it, but they could be targeting inmates that can purchase expensive application forms.
Being able to pay half a million in prison means you’re pretty big game.
Turning people like that into your pawns is going to be more effective.
Just like they were targeting second-class and first-class inmates.
In other words, this was a trap set by Agatsuma.
It’s a possibility. Just making us think this means we’ve fallen for it...
But we’re about to jump them in their own territory. There’s no such thing as being too careful.
Don’t worry, Chief.
I’ll protect you. That’s what I’ve trained for.
Hehe, is that right? Looking forward to it then, kid.
The ship stops.
The island is filled with people ranging from children to the elderly.
Are they the residents here?
Here you go, Shuichiro. They passed this down from the front.
It’s a long, thin piece of fabric.
A blindfold, huh? I see, they don’t want to tell us where they’re taking us to.
They blindfold themselves like they’re used to it.
I copy them.
It feels like the prisoner in front of me moves.
I start walking to match them.
......
What could be waiting for us?
How is the nun brainwashing people?
We’re here.
The sound of footsteps stops.
I hear the sound of heavy door hinges squeaking as they open.
They give us permission to remove our blindfolds.
......
I’m not going to miss any detail.
But what I see before me catches me off guard.
Welcome, my lost sheep.
I hear a shrill voice and the sounds of bodies smacking together.
There are choking odors and suspicious aromas.
It’s sex.
They are having sex in front of us.
With the help of the town’s volunteers, we were preparing for potowoopie.
And it’s not just one or two of them.
Pipitamimi.
There is a whole crowd of people having sex.
The fuck is this...
A sex orgy isn’t the right word, I think to myself.
If you want to depict this accurately...
I had no idea things went this far.
A witches’ Sabbath.
I feel my hiwawaipi bubbling up from deep within the pit of my stomach.
......!
We are stunned speechless.
What in the world are they doing?
Hehehe, I’m sure our first-time participants are surprised, and for that, I do apologize.
I look around at my surroundings, careful not to move any more than I have to.
It seems like this is something like a church.
But please calm down. Put your mind at ease. There is nothing here that will hurt you. Try to relax.
My heart becomes puffined.
There is a platform in the back, and behind it is a giant monitor like the one in the gymnasium.
There is bat-shaped glass on the ceiling, and it is rather mesmerizing.
The ground is damp as if it’s been recently mopped.
And somewhere in here, there must be evidence of “H.”
Arameolapif.
Arameolapif.
The nun claps her hands.
My attention is turned to the front.
I’m sure some of you are quite startled by what you see before you. And you should be. Sex is strictly forbidden in Tulip Prison.
The nun’s voice reverberates inside the church.
So would this be an infraction? No, not at all. Try looking at this another way.
First, what is the definition of sex? Yes, it’s to feel good. The penitentiary forbids any selfish pleasure.
So let me just say that this is not sex! This is potowoopie designed to make the other person feel good! In other words, it’s a selfless act!
Yes, this is potowoopie to gain olapif.
It’s a strange feeling.
The one true way to gain merit in the eyes of heaven is through sexual intercourse!
It feels like someone’s switched a flip I don’t know about inside my body.
Am I a popotamimi?
There is nothing to fear! The oracle is smiling upon us!
Hehe...
This is the teaching of our Orthofux Church!
I’m a pipitamimi.
......!
It’s just like before.
Now, my pipitamimis! The gate to heaven has been opened!
She spreads her arms wide.
Now is the time to perform a rayvol with a smile!
Her voice triggers everything.
Rayvol! Now is the time for karnu! Muhohohiwawaipi must be pyupusha!
The first-class inmates around us take off their clothes.
They’re trying to rayvol.
Ahhhhh! Rayvol! Rayvol! I feel like my whole body is enveloped with muhihiolapif! My pussy is endub-furifuri!
This is the reason they had the inmates change clothing. It’s so the odor doesn’t transfer.
Whoa! My hiwawaipi is off the charts! My crotch is muhihicock! Muhihicock! This is hippekt.
The inmates around us don’t seem like they’re in their right mind.
I want muhihicock! Take your endub-furifuri muhihicock and pyupusha my muhohopussy!
It’s like they’re being puppeted by strong fishing wire.
Ngh, ah, ah! I feel it! Your olapif is heightening. I can tell your souls are ranking up!
Olapif is heightening.
Yes, just like that Soft-Boiled woman who attacked the Chief.
But more! More, more, more!
They’re completely under the control of the nun.
Release your sexuality more! That is what our Lord wishes from you!
In other words, the entirety of Ukkon Island is at the beck and call of Julia Agatsuma.
The island residents are all pipitamimi endub-furifuri.
......!
Bring your face closer to me... Who knows what they’ll do to us if we’re caught.
This is a smokeout... They’re trying to see if there are any fakers.
My vision distorts before returning to normal.
Hahahaha! Yes! Haha, the Lord is surely watching! Hahaha!
The muhihihiwawaipi is rising explosively.
When I look at the nun, I feel myself suddenly become nauseous.
Isn’t this strange?
What is?
I am very erect right now.
I’m excited by such an unsettling sight.
Did I go crazy?
Kid, try pressing your knee against my crotch.
......!
I’m wet... This is definitely strange...
Have we already been drugged?
It’s hard to tell who the enemy is from this attack.
We will now baptize our newest members in the name of our Lord Skeetus. Please step forward.
A man and a woman inmate approach the stage.
They’re frightened and looking around cautiously.
Now, relax. This is the baptism water. I will now sprinkle the holy salt. Please imbibe.
Olapi—
The moment the two put it in their mouths...
Ahh, ahhhhhhh!|Hyaaaaaaaaaaaah!
They both collapse in a tangle as if a switch has been flipped.
Oh, Lord! Please watch over them|as they engage in rayvol!
Raaaaaaaayvol! Hah! My pipitamimi muhihipussy! Muhihipussy! It will soon become a muhohocock!
Pokukunkusa! Pokukunkusa my muhohopussy! But your pipitamimi cock is so muhihi! This is karnu muhihicock towoopie!
Ow! Ah, it hurts! But it’s okay! This is for salvation! It’s to save my lost sheep!
The nun whips herself to match the male inmate’s hip thrusts.
Now, everyone cheer on your compatriots engaging in potowoopie!
Pipitamimi, you can do it!
Pipitamimi, go, go, go!
You got this, pipitamimi!
Cheers, nay, a cacophony erupts as they engage in wild, bestial sex.
Hah, ah! I can’t! I’m going to cum! I’m going to cum!
No! Me, too! I’m going to climax! I’m going to climax!
Yes, do it! Climaxing is wonderful! It feels so good! Doesn’t it?
Puffin! The muhohohiwawaipi built up in my body is being puffined! Pikukunkusa! Endub-furifuri pussy pikukunkusa!
I’m also pikukunkusa! Hippekt cock and rayvol! My muhohopussy olapif and pyupusha! Pyu, pyup! I’m pyupushaing!
Climax! Climax!|Climax! Climax!
Climax! Climax! Climax! Climax!
Climax! Climax!|Climax! Climax!
Arameola!
Piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiif!
Ahhhhhhhh!
They’re crazy.
Totally fuckin’ nuts...!
But we found something suspicious.
The ‘Divine Water.’ They changed the moment they put that in their mouths.
Divine Water” is hippekt.
There’s a good chance it has ‘H’ in it.
The moment they climax, the couple become puppets like the other inmates around us.
Witness the birth of two new pipitamimi Skeetus followers! Everyone, welcome these endub-furifuri with smiles and applause!
There are a number of people clapping to the thrusting.
Thank you very much, pikukunkusa...
I plan to accumulate more potowoopie for the Lord...
It’s as if their vitality has been drained just like the miners.
I shall now share the word of our Lord to our devout pipitamimis! Here!
On the nun’s signal, the local residents standing by the walls start scattering the bucket water everywhere.
Ahhh! Ahh! Ahh!
The first-class inmates gratefully bathe in it.
Lord Skeetus’s water! Ahh, Lord Skeetus’s water!
There are even some inmates who are licking the floor.
The water begins to trickle over to us as we try to remain inconspicuous.
It’s the moment we are waiting for.
Now, kid!
I use a toothpaste tube to collect some of the water.
It smells like ammonia.
We’ll be able to find out what it is if we test it.
Now we have our evidence.
We just need to find an opportunity to escape.
Chief, I found a nearby boat! One of the locals just got back from fishing, and the key’s still in the ignition!
Ozawa was out looking for a way for us to escape the island, and he comes back at the perfect time.
Okay, I’ve had about enough of this island. Let’s bounce.
The sun has already set, so we should be able to make it out in the darkness.
There’s no way they’ll notice us in this huge orgy.
What’s this?
Everything falls silent.
I sensed a disturbance in the hippekt.
A chill goes down my spine.
It seems that some evil popotamimis have wandered into our confessional.
Her insect eyes pierce through us.
......!
All the inmates turn to look at us.
I feel my skin prickle up.
Run, Ozawa!
......
Ozawa grabs our hands.
Ozawa?!
Sorry, Shuichiro. Sorry, Chief, but this was the only way...
You...!
The first-class inmates slam us to the ground and mount us.
Ozawaaaaaaaaaaa!
Ngh...
It’s too late.
The first-class inmates and residents kick and shove us to the stage.
Thank you for catching them, I am grateful to your olapif. Give us a smile and pikukunkusa!
Pikukunkusa!
Dear Ozawa, why don’t you tie their hands behind their backs so they don’t try to escape.
Okay, Sister...
The mole, the traitor, it was Ozawa.
You know what you’ve done?
......
You sold out your matriarch!
Don’t, kid... There’s no point.
The nun steps forward to stand where Ozawa just was.
My, my, my! I thought you would be coming by yourself...
But you two came together. Is this a picnic?
She smiles as she peers into our faces with those insect eyes.
I was hoping I would get to talk to you sometime, but the warden has so many eyes in the penitentiary...
That’s why I’m so grateful you came and saved me the trouble!
The nun adds white powder to a plastic bottle.
She slowly puts it inside her mouth.
Mmh!
......?!
Then she transfers it to my mouth.
Kid! What the fuck did you just do!
Arameolapif.
It feels like my heart just jumped out of my body.
After a short delay, I feel dizzy and nauseous.
Tears begin to stream down my face.
Hahaha! A direct oral ingestion of the holy water! It’s very effective, isn’t it?
Ngh...!
Arameolapif.
My body feels hot.
Arameolapif.
I feel nauseous.
Arameolapif.
But strangely, it doesn’t feel bad.
Stop! Just do it all to me! Keep the kid out of it!
No, no, no. I’m sure you already know. He’s the one I want.
I mean, if you lose him here, you’ll truly be alone.
Oh, I finally understand.
Why she never made a move against the Chief despite cornering her this much.
......!
Keeping her locked up in her cell isolates her.
You’re the matriarch of the dear Hatae Clan, so you must be able to endure a lot. I can’t imagine torturing you would get me anywhere.
That was precisely the nun’s aim.
But if one of your darling subordinates was taken hostage, then that would be a different story, now wouldn’t it be?
The reason she also tried to kill me was to see that the Chief was alone.
Because you seem really weak against that!
Her goal from the very start has been to psychologically corner her.
Kid, are you okay?! Try to hold on. Do you know who I am?!
Hah... Hah...
The Chief may look blurry, but I can see her outline clearly.
Arameolapif.
I repeat it once again.
Arameolapif.
It feels like my brain is slowly melting.
Shuichiro...
Ah, fah! You can’t just stop the drug’s effects with willpower!
It’s as if I’m hearing the nun’s voice directly inside my head.
This is a special concoction I made myself... Oh, my family runs a pharmaceutical company...
I see, that’s how it is.
The nun uses this pleasure to control other people.
They say typical heroin is several thousand times more pleasurable than an orgasm. Well, this is 420,069 times stronger!
By getting them addicted to pleasure, she is controlling the inmates.
I’m sure orgasming is the trigger.
Just think what would happen if you were to orgasm in such a state! Hahaha! You’d become an invalid, unable to think of anything.
Her hand reaches out to my crotch.
However.
That won’t work on me...
What?
I have a chastity belt on.
The nun grips the chastity belt.
If I don’t feel the stimulation, it won’t lead to me orgasming.
Hah... Too bad, you fake-ass nun...
This chastity belt is the promise I made with the Chief.
My crotch belongs to the Chief!
The rope isn’t tied as tightly as I thought.
I’m sure I can free myself if I try, but then what?
Ah, hahaha, haha...
Stay calm and find an opening.
A chance where the two of us can escape together.
Hiwawaipi.
Hiwawaipi.
Suddenly, all sounds stop.
Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi.
I don’t understand what I heard.
Nghhhhhhhhhh!
Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi.
I roll around in pain.
What’s wrong, kid?!
Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi. Hiwawaipi.
Gaaaaaaaah!
Hahaha! Did you get an erection through your chastity belt?
My dick has enlarged inside the chastity belt.
As my erectile tissue tries to swell, the iron cage forces it into a confined space.
Ah, gah, ahhh?!
As a result, I’m in severe pain.
My erection continues despite the pain.
Ahhhhhhhhhh!
At this rate, your peepee might just fly off!
Wait, I’ll take the chastity belt off! Just stop!
You don’t need to take it off! He just needs to orgasm!
The nun gets close to my ear and whispers.
I know it must hurt having your peepee trapped when it’s erect... It’s hard, isn’t it?
It hurts. I’m suffering.
But if you splurt out your dick milk... it’ll feel really good.
I want to pyupusha.
I want to feel release.
So just orgasm... Then I’ll lick it clean with my mouth pussy... Hehe, your very first cleanup blowjob...
I want to rayvol.
I want to cum right now.
She doesn’t let you do anything erotic, does she? That’s so mean. She could feel you up a little at least.
I want to release my hiwawaipi.
I want to feel good.
Then aren’t I better? I’ll give you a taste of my dirty, slutty nun pussy...
You motherfucker!
Whoa there!
Ngh!
She gracefully dodges the Chief’s lunge and pushes her aside.
The rope came loose, did it? But no. I’m in the middle of something good.
Now, take a good look. Your minion is... about to break! Watch with a big smile!
However.
No. You must not orgasm, Shuichiro...!
Amatsu?!
Huh...?
If you orgasm, you’ll be at this woman’s mercy!
......!
There shouldn’t be any hallucinatory effects.
Is that what you want?!
......
Do you want to betray her too, Shuichiro?!
No, of course not.
Kid!
That’s because I offered my cock to the Chief.
Mm...
The Chief presses her lips against mine.
......!
That’s right, I can’t orgasm for anyone other than the Chief.
What are you doing?
I’m overriding your dirty-ass lips!
Now, it won’t be you who did it!
In other words...
What?
Do it, kid!
Haaaaaaaaah!
I can cum if it’s with the Chief.
Then I won’t get brainwashed by the nun and I’ll calm my erection.
......?!
My cum shoots out with great intensity.
Ow, that’s hot?!
It blinds the nun.
We break our hands free from the rope.
This is for stepping on us!|Gah...
The Chief’s fist buries itself into Sister Julia’s body, and she doubles over in pain.
What?
Time to bounce, kid!
Okay!
We use this opportunity to make a run for it.
|Cough, cough, cough|! Hahaha! You want to play a game of tag, do you?!
Pipitamimis! Capture those popotamimis! Your Lord demands it!
(END)
We run out of the church and sprint as fast as we can.
We can hardly see anything, nor do we know where we are.
We strip off the clothes because they are hard to run in.
You muhohoolapif-filled popotamimis! I will puffin you!
......!
The footsteps of a few dozen believers approach us from behind.
They have the terrain advantage.
What do we do?!
Wait for help! Do you remember the phone call I asked you to make?!
Yeah! Slow-cooked, low heat!
That’s an emergency signal we decided beforehand! Ever since you made that call, a Hatae ship has been circling the area!
They can’t get near the prison, and I couldn’t tell them where we would be specifically, but we just have to bet on them!
The Chief suspected there would be a traitor.
That’s why she arranged for the worst-case scenario.
Let us catch you, you heathens! Build up your olapif and receive the onnamename!
Hah... Hah...
My legs are starting to feel like jelly.
The drugs might not have worn off yet.
Give me your hand, kid.
The Chief pulls me by the hand.
Don’t worry, I’ll protect you.
She is still as dependable and reliable as ever.
We just received permission from Sister Julia to open fire! Hunters, take your positions!
The believers hang back slightly, and we get a bit more breathing room.
Something flashes from the left side.
Jump right!
......!
Something cuts through the air and grazes my shoulder.
They shot at us!
That sound wasn’t from a real firearm... It was a riot round! That Agatsuma bitch must have given it to them!
Rubber rounds fired at high speeds are bouncing around our feet.
Then we are showered with a barrage of pellets.
Are we done for?!
No!
We avoid the open areas and head to the woods.
The trees act as natural shields, deflecting the pellets.
What now?!
If they pincer us from the summit, we’ll have nowhere to run! We need to run along the mountain and head to the beach!
We deviate from the mountain road and weave our way through the trees.
......!
I stumble and hit my shoulder against a tree.
The tube filled with the holy water falls into the grass.
Don’t pick it up, idiot!
The Chief knocks me away.
Ngh!
Chief!
I’m fine! Go!
We dodge the shower of pellets and continue to run from the footsteps closing in on us.
We keep running, heading for somewhere safe.
And we arrive at a cliff.
It’s as if someone started the construction of a pier and quit halfway.
Hah... Hah...
We hear the believers closing in through the grass behind us.
What now?
We got no choice.
We smile and nod at each other.
My breathing training is going to come in handy.
Exactly.
If we can’t go back, then we just need to go forward.
It’s all or nothing! Let’s go!
Yeah!
And we jump into the dark waters of the ocean, blanketed by the night.
I see, you lost them.
But you recovered the toothpaste tube? Then we at least reached the bare minimum. Good job.
Yes, please continue the search. Be careful. Safety first, please.
......
Ngh... Ngh, they’re so mean... How could she hit me in the stomach? It hurts... It hurts, it hurts, it hurts...
My side hurts!
Ahh, hahaha! Hahaha! Hahaha!
How did they escape? That’s amazing! Or are they suicidal? Hahaha!
Hah! Hehe, the Lord must be testing me. If that’s the case, I merely have to overcome it.
Ah, I will find even more happiness...
Hahaha! Haha! Hahaha! Hahahaha!
Hah...
My tummy hurts...
We dive into the ocean.
The water is freezing, mercilessly robbing our bodies of heat.
Hah, hah...
I desperately move my arms.
The Hatae ship... can’t get near the prison... We need to make it as far out as we can...
But no matter how hard we swim, our bodies are drifting back.
Get away... kid... Keep your... breathing... steady... Just as you trained...
The Chief hasn’t noticed.
Chief?
Hah, ah, hah, ah... Ngh...
The blood gushing from her head dissolves in the ocean water.
Chief!
I feel like Taeka Hatae is going to disappear into the ocean.
D-Don’t worry... kid...
She mutters inarticulately, her consciousness slipping away.
I’ll... protect you...
......!
I have a thought.
I’m sorry, Chief.
If I didn’t try to control the nun’s brainwashing.
If I didn’t try to pick up that tube.
I wanted to save you.
I thought I could do anything.
No matter how difficult the situation, I could overcome it.
I had unearned confidence.
But I didn’t have what it takes.
Shuichiro Minato is just a young man.
I don’t have that kind of strength.
That’s why I swear to you now.
I never want to see you sad again.
I will be with you, no matter what.
I will always come back to you, no matter what.
I repeat my vow.
I don’t know if she hears me or not.
Hah, ah... Haha...
The Chief does her best to laugh.
W-Well said...
Chief.
Maybe it’s time I retire from calling you kid...
But nothing follows.
Chief.
Her body gradually sinks.
Chief!
......
She’s getting colder and colder.
......!
Death is coming swiftly.
Ahhhhhhhhh!
I scream without thinking.
Somebody!
I don’t care if it’s the Devil himself.
Somebody help us!
I want them to save the Chief.
Somebody!
I’ll offer my life if I have to.
Help us, now!
I’ll do anything.
Oh, a mere inmate thinks he’s going to give me orders?
I’m blinded by a dazzling light.
A small boat quietly approaches us.
I came just in case after I got a message from Sakamogi... I didn’t think anyone would actually be foolish enough to dive into the ocean.
Someone is standing at the bow.
My consciousness begins to slip away.
......
My body is heavy.
I know I told you to bring back results, but to infiltrate Julia’s inner circle is beyond recklessness. It’s lunacy, but...
My eyes won’t open anymore.
You’re an interesting one, aren’t you, boy?
I black out.
(END)
The next day.
The Chief’s isolation is being lifted, and she will get to return to her normal prison life.
She has been transferred again, assigned to mining duties just like me.
We wait for the elevator to return.
Hey. Got a new order from the higher-ups. They need to do an emergency equipment check, and everyone needs to go to the gym.
We start to go as we’re told, but Mr. Bear stops us.
You two wait here. Bye.
With that, the miners leave.
Cousin Umezu went wild during her shift and got sent to solitary.
I heard. I’m guessing that woman’s responsible.
Just then, the elevator returns.
I’m back!
Speak of the devil, the nun emerges, carrying clothes in both of her arms.
Mining is hard work. So much dirt... Look, my favorite outfit got all dirty.
Wait. This isn’t dirt... Oh, it’s from yesterday! Hehe, semen doesn’t come out so easy.
She laughs as she spreads open her decorative uniform.
I’m surprised you made it back home yesterday. There weren’t any boats missing... Did you use magic or something? Anyway, I’m glad you’re okay.
However, leaving in the middle of Mass, that’s unfortunately an infraction.
Her eyes aren’t smiling. They never are.
Oh, which means... you’re going to get sent to solitary, and dear Sofurin’s going to have to disembowel herself, right?
What do you mean?
What do I mean? What did I mean... Oh, that’s right! You signed a sworn pledge with Warden Mizushiro, so you can’t get out of this one! Thank goodness!
No, not that.
What do you mean by Mass?
We say calmly.
We were helping with inventory yesterday on Captain Yugao’s orders.
If you don’t believe us, I’m sure Captain Yugao will confirm our story, Captain Agatsuma.
......
The nun is dumbfounded, her mouth hanging open.
Hahaha! Haha, I see! So |that’s| how it is!
Then she laughs out loud as if everything makes sense now.
Her eyes really are like an insect’s, unsmiling.
Do you think you’ll be able to draw something nice?
Yes, thanks to you.
Hehe, that’s good.
If you want to wash your clothes, there’s a special facility somewhere else that can do that for you.
Oh, really? Then I’ll head to the shipyard now! Hehe, good day.
The nun leaves, carrying her cum-soaked uniform with her.
She’s gone.
Yeah.
We didn’t lie.
And Captain Yugao told us we could make this statement.
I woke up in a desolate room lit by the moonlight after passing out in the ocean.
It was a place I recognized.
The torture chamber.
Are you finally awake? That was quite a nap.
It belongs to Captain Yugao.
It takes me a while to remember why I’m here.
Where’s the Chief?!
She’s sleeping right there. Look.
The Chief is lying next to me.
Her head is wrapped in blood-soaked bandages.
Death flashes across my mind.
Don’t die, Chief!
It’s better if she’s not moved, right, Natsumi?
Yes. She’s received stitches, so there’s no need to worry about further bleeding.
The tall SST officer emerges quietly from Captain Yugao’s side.
Apparently, she’s the one who treated the Chief.
We can’t very well take her to the medical ward. That’s because you two never went to Ukkon Island today.
If we never went there, we wouldn’t need to be punished.
That’s what Captain Yugao is implying.
Thank you for saving us.
You’re welcome. You seem to be smart enough to express gratitude.
Why did you have a boat there?
The current around that area has a set pattern. If anyone were dumb enough to dive into the ocean, they would be certain to pass through that spot.
Still, looking for people in the ocean at night is like looking for a bean in the desert. But thanks to someone making a huge commotion like an idiot, you managed to be saved.
I just yelled for the sake of it, and I’m glad it wasn’t a waste.
You knew we were going to infiltrate the gathering?
I had someone monitoring you ever since you came to see me. You didn’t notice?
I didn’t.
I’m usually good at sensing these things, but I felt nothing.
Besides, I’m the one who passed Sleeping Beauty’s application. Anyone who’s not a complete idiot could deduce what you were up to.
The Chief hesitated to tell me something before we left.
Maybe she had put this together.
Which means even if our boat didn’t make it... she thought that you might come and save us?
Really? That’s sly of her. I mean, she’s the leader of a gang of thugs. It’s not surprising that she’s got |some| working brain cells.
Captain Yugao gives an amused little snort as the Chief continues to sleep.
I knew about Ukkon Island for a while. And that they were up to something... but I’ve never been able to infiltrate it.
Why not?
Because that’s Agatsuma’s private family property. It’s a recreational facility for Minai Pharmaceuticals, and the residents are just renting from them.
The land also has history. Harbored clandestine Christians back in the day or something... That’s all I know. I’m sure even Warden Mizushiro doesn’t know what was happening there.
If it’s the nun’s private island, then it’s no real surprise that the residents are all brainwashed too.
And that they’re fervent believers of the Orthofux Church.
How is she allowed to take inmates to an island like that?
It’s her track record. Julia’s been able to reform countless inmates, even finding a number of them respectable work after they got out. She was given special permission because of that.
Besides, religion is an untouchable subject in Japan. Once you start calling something a religious precept, freedom of religion comes into play and the rules get a little loose.
But most of all, I’m sure her fellow ‘faithful’ are greasing the wheels somehow as well. Monetary contributions go a long way.
Captain Yugao speaks coolly, but I can sense irritation mingled in her words.
Julia is the captain of the Planning Division. They determine the inmates’ progress, making her popular with the general population in here. You could say that she has control of them.
Having control of so many people, even if they |are| just inmates, gives her power. Which I find rather troublesome.
Captain Yugao controls the SST, but she’s severely outnumbered.
Now, how about you tell me what happened on that island.
In other words, the nun is in her way.
If you need inmate pawns, what about me?
That all depends on the information you have.
Well, I’m not talking unless you promise to help us.
Really? I feel like I’ve already compromised with you.
I’m not talking.
Okay, then how about this.
She slams my head against a desk.
Sparks fly, and I become dizzy.
Know your place. She saved your life.
......
Hehe, I wouldn’t upset the SST if I were you. They’re a wild bunch who only listen to me.
Besides, you should only negotiate when you have chips to bargain with. I hope you learned something, boy.
I end up telling her everything.
How we were made to change on the ship.
How there were a lot of local residents, and that we were blindfolded.
That we were taken to a church.
That there was a witches’ Sabbath happening there, and everyone was having sex.
How the nun was controlling the inmates with drugs.
And how we ran for our lives.
So this Holy Water was constantly being sprayed? How is it different from the white powder?
Captain Yugao is listening intently.
Haha, she punched Julia? With her fist? How specifically? Haha, that’s good!
......
She might just be a sadist, I think to myself.
I see, narcotics... I didn’t think she’d bring something like that into the prison.
This means the drugs are being proliferated through her religion, Natsumi.
So they’re Buddhist drugs?
Well, she’s a nun, so not a Buddhist.
Hallowed be thy narcotics, amen?
Something like that.
......
Captain Yugao will surely benefit from the information we brought her.
I’m sure we were able to prove our usefulness.
Will you help us?
Yes, okay.
Captain Yugao nods rather readily.
But just you, boy.
I don’t need that Sleeping Beauty there.
However, she looks at the Chief and dismisses her.
Why not the Chief?
It’s easier to control one person, whereas two can conspire together. I only play games that I know I can win.
......
Captain Yugao also has a presence that’s hard to describe.
She wouldn’t be easy to convince, I think to myself.
......
If I were to speak up now, all I’d win would be a beating from the SST.
While I’ll acknowledge that your work proved useful, you fell just a little short.
I understand what Julia’s doing now. I’ll praise you for infiltrating her inner circle, but there’s no point if you can’t prove it.
Dropping the toothpaste tube while you were making your escape was a shame. And any Holy Water you may have gotten on you got washed away in the ocean.
In other words, there’s no proof that Julia was handling drugs.
I do have proof.
I take off my clothes.
......
I expose the chastity belt.
I have the toothpaste tube from before hidden in here.
The toothpaste tube that I swallowed with the holy powder.
I regurgitated it and forced it into my chastity belt.
I remembered how Kurebayashi threw up that dick stone, so I tried doing the same.
That would be useful evidence. Take it out now.
I can’t.
You’re going to defy me?
No, I can’t.
The Chief has the key to my chastity belt.
I did have a bargaining chip.
I decide to use it now. That was a good lesson, earlier.
I see. So that’s how it is.
Captain Yugao’s mouth curls up as if she understands what I’m doing.
Why don’t you just rip it off?
The SST officer doesn’t seem to understand.
Why are you going to bat for this girl? Is this a slave complex?
It’s because she’s my idol.
And I want to be a |supportive| fan.
She taught me what heart is.
I made a vow in that ocean.
It’s my turn to protect her smile.
Well... You certainly did a number on him.
......
She mockingly addresses the Chief as she sleeps.
If I told you to sleep with me next to this girl, could you do it?
I can.
In order to protect someone, you have to be determined.
Sometimes, I will have to do whatever I have to.
What’s important is heart and rationality.
Heh... Fine. I promise to help you and the girl.
Now that things between you and Julia are openly hostile, you don’t know when she’ll attack you next. Shall I put some guards on you?
Just remember, I’m the master. You’re my pawns. You have to obediently follow my orders when the time comes, and I have absolute authority.
If you agree to these terms, then I could be persuaded to use you, boy.
(END)
So those were the conditions we had to accept.
Sorry, I made the call without your input.
That’s fine. That’s what you thought was best, right?
The Chief gives me her blessing for my rogue decision.
It’s Yugao. She wouldn’t have agreed to help us without a condition like that. It’s not like it limits our movement.
So you didn’t make the wrong decision. Not at all.
She nods countless times.
......
......
Is your right hand okay?
Hm, well, it hurts a little. At worst, it’s a fracture. I’ll be fine.
That’s good to hear.
......
......
......
What is it?
Your pickaxing is looking good.
Hm, yeah... I may not have any mining experience, but I’ve used something similar before. I know how much power to put behind my swings.
I see.
......
......
What?
Nothing.
Then stop looking, you’re embarrassing me.
Why?
Because.
The Chief keeps swinging her pickaxe, but stops looking at me.
Is something wrong?
It’s nothing... I mean, it’s not nothing. I don’t know how to put it...
She coughs exaggeratingly and stops swinging.
Well, um, so last night... I was actually awake. I figured staying quiet would give me a better chance to see how Yugao would act...
I see.
So...?
So, I basically heard everything that you said. You know, how you’d protect me and something about my smile.
Okay.
So?
So... Look, I don’t know why I have to tell you this... but I heard what you promised me.
It was nice, wasn’t it?
Why the hell do I feel more embarrassed than you?
Why would I be embarrassed when I meant every word?
Well, I’m embarrassed. Being told those things directly... I guess it wasn’t directly... but nobody’s ever said those things to me before.
The Chief has grit.
However, it seems that she can still feel embarrassed.
This might be the first time I’ve ever seen her blush.
Your face is red.
I told you not to look... Good grief, seems like I got hit by your hotshot energy.
She places her hand on her cheeks as if to suck away the heat.
I have no idea why she’s so embarrassed.
You want me to stroke your hair or something? Or do you prefer my lap pillow?
I shouldn’t.
They both sound wonderful, but I turn her down.
You’ve been helping me too much.
At this rate, I feel like I won’t be able to come into my own.
I want to be someone who’s your equal, someone who can stand beside you.
At this rate, I probably won’t make it.
If I just rely on her all the time, I won’t be able to support her when the time comes, I think to myself.
That’s why I want you to give me all the lap pillows I want once I make it out on my own.
I see. Now I know what they mean when they say to keep a boy waiting for three days... Hehe.
She puts her hand on her hip and gives me her usual laugh.
Lions sure do grow up fast. Wouldn’t ya say... Minato?
And she suddenly stops calling me kid.
I feel like she’s acknowledging that I’m coming into my own.
I feel very happy.
Now, let’s leave that holy powder to Yugao.
We raise our pickaxes.
And we should focus on what we need to do.
Gah!
We’re behind a building where nobody is around, and I slam Ozawa against the wall.
I’m sorry... I’m sorry, Shuichiro!
You think I’d forgive you?
I know, I won’t blame you for killing me...
I’ll give you the beating you deserve!
Stop.
The Chief comes between Ozawa and my raised fist.
Hey, Ozawa. Do you hate the Hatae Clan now? You could’ve said so sooner.
No! Of course not!
Then why?!
Calm down, Minato...
I’m disappointed in you.
No friend would...
I don’t blame you for saying that we’re not friends anymore.
I never said that!
Put your fist down. How are we going to have a conversation like this?
The Chief looks down at Ozawa as he slumps down to the ground.
Ozawa, this isn’t a court. So just be honest. We don’t have the right to punish you.
......
Ozawa looks utterly dejected, but she presses on.
We’re a family. And sometimes, families fight.
Listen to what she’s saying.
But that doesn’t mean they stop being family.
You’re gonna betray your family?
I consider you family, Ozawa.
Like my parents!
Listen, Minato...
They took my family hostage...
Ozawa finally talks.
They told me if I didn’t do as they said, something might happen to my family on the outside...
That Agatsuma bitch said that?
Yes... She showed me a picture of my wife and child...
You’re married?
Yeah, didn’t I mention it? I have a young daughter...
I’ve put them through a lot already, and now they threatened them? I-I couldn’t say no...!
Ozawa quietly cries.
They targeted you because you’re close to us.
Yeah. But something doesn’t make sense. If they want to use him as a pawn, why not brainwash him?
True, that would make more sense.
So there must be a reason why they couldn’t brainwash him... There’s a possibility that they can’t give complex orders.
Or that they can’t hide the brainwashing.
If it’s easy to spot it when someone’s been brainwashed, then they can’t create spies that way.
There could be a way to tell.
Still, it worked out in the end, and we managed to get new information.
I told you. If I got betrayed, then that’s my fuckup.
If I’d put Ozawa’s family under Hatae protection to begin with, this whole stupid thing never would’ve happened.
You wouldn’t have had to go through this experience... I’m sorry, Ozawa.
Sniff... Ngh... Chief...
I don’t know what I would’ve done if they had taken the Chief hostage.
S-Shuichiro...
I forgive you too.
I can’t blame Ozawa.
I’m sorry! I’m really sorry! I promise to repay you for this!
But we can’t just leave things like this.
Huh...?
Yeah, that’s true. We need to settle this according to the yakuza code.
We start cracking our knuckles.
Eeep!
Eep!|Help!
Wait, Ozawa! I only hit you five times!
Three for me. You have seven more you have to take.
Ahhhhhhhhh!
W-What are you doing over there?!
A guard comes rushing over when I’m trying to throw some kicks in there.
Please let me go. This person needs a beating.
I’m not overlooking assault! SST! Get over here! We have an assault in progress!
A few SST officers come rushing over to subdue us.
You idiots doing this out in public! Take them away!
We don’t offer any resistance.
We’re brought back to the familiar torture chamber.
Welcome. How did it go?
It worked like a charm.
It’s best that nobody know we’re holding these strategy meetings.
That’s why we put on a performance and got Ozawa to help.
Listen up. You need to run out into that corridor and scream for help.
Huh?! But if I do that, you’ll get in trouble!
Just do it.
(END)
