As long as the SST officers come, we’ll always be taken back to Captain Yugao.
Even if we cause a commotion, there’s no issue—as long as the nun and her cronies don’t catch wind.
It’s an extremely efficient plan that lets us beat up Ozawa, too, as a bonus.
Well, well. Looks like you’re awake today. How are you feeling, Princess?
Yeah, I rolled out of bed just as soon as I could. Wouldn’t want to keep you waiting, Queen.
The air is tense for some reason.
These are some fancy furnishings you’ve got. What’s this? An iron maiden? Suits you.
Are you going to give me a necklace of pinkies? That’s nice. Even better if you know where they were sourced. Like if they belong to the Hatae Clan.
Come to think of it, a yakuza and a prison administrator are like water and oil.
They may just instinctively hate each other, I think to myself.
A few guards have been bought off when it comes to infractions. Most of them will look the other way.
There’s a few officers who can be bought off with money, but most can’t. Make sure you don’t waste your cash.
But they’re both adults.
Don’t worry about the cash. We’re still raking it in right now, and our income should last a while.
They’re not childish enough to fight here.
Oh, the card game? Do the two of you make it on your own?
No, we have someone who prints it for us, and someone else doing the design. But we have three main members. There’s us two, and an inmate who writes the text.
Really? Either this inmate is crazy for helping a sinking ship, or they’re an idiot.
They’re a good person, and a genius. I’m sure you’d like them.
Really?
I’ll introduce you one day since we’re working together.
Captain Yugao continues, seemingly uninterested.
By the way, that holy powder.
Did you find out what it was?
We sent it out for analysis last night. I never would have imagined the Hatae Clan had a lab working for them.
It’s more flexible that way, plus they’ll put rush orders on things. So, what was it?
She pulls out a thin piece of paper and places it in front of us.
The powder is made up of sodium, calcium, potassium, magnesium...
She rests her chin on her hand and narrows her eyes.
In other words, salt.
What...?
I don’t believe my ears.
I was wondering what kind of narcotic it was, but it’s just salt?
And the holy water.
What about that?
The other toothpaste tube happened to have some holy water in it, so we had them analyze it as well.
It was urine.
......
......
Piss.
We keep our mouths shut.
What we thought was drugs was salt? And piss?
So they were happily drinking piss?
Seems like it.
Oh, I thought yakuza knew a lot about drugs.
Our family doesn’t allow drugs. I don’t know shit about them.
Then maybe you brought me fakes. That makes more sense, doesn’t it, Natsumi?
Shall I beat them?
Not yet.
Neither the water nor the powder had any traces of drugs.
Which means...
They’re imitations... Fakes.
They are conducting the brainwashing through some other method that doesn’t involve drugs.
It’s a possibility. We could draw and test the blood from inmates who ingested the drugs, but I’m sure it’d come back clean.
The salt and water are props used to prepare for the brainwashing. Or they could be decoys to bait out the non-believers like you.
Props?
I don’t let her provoke me and only ask the question.
It’s easier to trick people if you have props.
You seem to know a lot. What are you, a science teacher?
I studied psychology. Although I just got my master’s, not a doctorate.
There must have been a trigger that led to the brainwashing.
Ejaculation was the trigger.
......
......
Orgasm.
Captain Yugao nods as if she understands.
Even if you can influence ideas and make people listen to you, it’s impossible to fully control someone’s mind.
Although, you could probably do something close with drugs.
She looks at the Chief and gives a meaningful smile.
The Chief snorts disapprovingly.
Normally, using drugs won’t brainwash you. You can make addicts that’ll do anything for a fix... but they tragically don’t live very long.
That’s why I thought they had some sort of special drug.
The big proof we thought we had turns out to be nothing.
All we have now is salt, pee, and very little information.
The nun whipped herself before the brainwashing. She did it back at the second-class inmate gathering too.
That could be a misdirection as well. It’s impossible to try to read her moves.
That’s because she’s a genuine psychopath whose motives even I can’t anticipate. Although, it’s not an official diagnosis.
Even if she studied psychology, there are some things she doesn’t know.
Don’t you see? After all your hard work, reading into her moves, all you came back with was salt and pee.
She ribs us unnecessarily, but I don’t really get mad because she makes a good point.
How could someone like her ever become a captain?
Every organization has cancer festering inside, and the worse it is, the easier it grows. Like the leader of a gang being responsible for spreading drugs around.
The Chief doesn’t bite.
I’m still hung up on the terminology—“psychopath.”
There’s someone I know in university who studied brainwashing.
You could reach out to them.
I haven’t seen them since graduation nor do I know how to reach them. I think I heard they are in Manila, so a meeting won’t be possible anyway.
From what I can remember... I think they said that a deep brainwashing needs to be conducted repeatedly over time to work.
I see. People orgasm multiple times.
I don’t think that’s it.
In other words, magically brainwashing people immediately after giving them drugs is unrealistic to begin with. It’s natural to think that they’re getting reprogrammed somehow...
In other words, something is being done in their daily life that is working to reinforce their brainwashing.
Yes.
The inmates are getting conditioned somehow without their knowledge.
The Chief and I may not be an exception.
It’s a chilling thing to realize.
I don’t like this roundabout way. If you want to take someone out, then come at them with your fists.
How savage. I would expect nothing less from a yakuza matriarch.
That’s because I’m not as cultured as you. You use electricity, don’t you?
They start throwing jabs at each other again.
But I think to myself that they’re a little similar.
If we can’t get a lead on them, there’s only one thing we can do.
War.
I wasn’t any use this time either, so I need to work out some more and mess them up.
Are you stupid?
He’s just the cutest, isn’t he? The thing we need to do is to get our camp in order.
War comes down to a numbers game. Agatsuma has the inmates. That’s the largest force inside the prison.
I try picturing the current balance of power in my mind.
First, there’s us, the Hatae camp.
Chisato joined us first.
Despite having his family taken hostage, Ozawa is back on the Hatae’s side without the nun knowing.
And it’s safe to assume that the Hatae Trio framed by the nun haven’t been brainwashed either.
But the three of them are currently in solitary.
In exchange, we were able to work out an alliance with Captain Yugao.
And the few dozen SST officers under her command get added here as well.
That is the extent of our forces.
Next, we have the Agatsuma camp.
It’s safe to assume that all the first and second-class inmates participating in the witches’ Sabbath are basically the nun’s puppets.
Many of the miners including Mr. Bear have been brainwashed as well.
Which means that it might be best to think of all the inmates in the nun’s Sex Crimes Ward as being under her control.
Consider Ozawa. He was working with her without being brainwashed.
We have no way of knowing just how many officers and inmates Agatsuma has under her.
However, I’d wager it’s a large number.
Herein lies the problem. Not being able to get a full read on the situation leaves us with too much uncertainty.
And third, we have the neutral parties who don’t belong to either camp.
First, all the other officers not part of the Sex Crimes Ward are probably neutral.
The medical staff, warden, and other staff members don’t fall under either camp either.
And the inmates who aren’t first-class, second-class, miners, or in the Sex Crimes Ward.
The nun hasn’t gotten her hands on them yet.
Moreover, if she ever does, it’s probably checkmate.
I’d say as far as ratios go, it’s about 1:8:4. The issue is how many people are in the Sex Crimes Ward.
Each of us could punch out about thirty.
We’re not talking about punching people here.
Ozawa was saying how there are probably more spies working for her.
And Agatsuma still has to do her job as a captain.
If brainwashed devotees are useless as spies, then it’s natural to think that she has other pawns like Ozawa she owns.
Do we need to worry about the SST?
Of course not. I have every secret of the security team in my possession. There is no way Julia is going to get her claws in them.
So basically you’re doing what Agatsuma did to Ozawa, only you’re doing it to every SST member. Very queenly of you, ma’am.
That’s not why we—
It’s fine, Natsumi. Let her talk. Thugs just can’t understand.
The two of them are always at each other’s throats.
Even if we assume that the SST are safe, there’s a possibility that the nun has her spies hidden elsewhere.
Not only are we outnumbered, there are enemies we can’t see as well...
And we should consider it impossible to bring back anyone who’s been brainwashed to our side.
The key will be how many neutral people we can recruit.
We’re already the outcasts nobody wants to get involved with.
Can’t you bring the Trio back?
How about you ask a little more politely? If they’re in solitary, it’ll be difficult without a good reason. Besides, it’s just three people. The risk isn’t worth the return.
Captain Yugao has a point.
We’re outnumbered... but talking to every individual to try to convince them isn’t going to be easy...
Is there some efficient way we could do that...?
It’s pretty clear that nobody is going to help us if we ask them to.
I’ve got an idea regarding that.
Then Captain Yugao lifts a finger, her facial expression as icy as ever.
It won’t be easy. I wonder if you can even pull it off.
We’re in a dark cave that’s never seen sunlight.
It’s located seven hundred meters below the prison.
All voices are drowned out by the sounds of the miners working.
The Chief and I are treated as such outcasts, nobody even looks at us.
There’s a side passage in the shaft. We’re in front of a large pine rock that hasn’t been blasted yet.
A secret area that is rarely frequented by anyone.
......
One female officer cautiously makes her way to us.
She has a weary expression on her face like a housewife tired of her life.
T-This should be the spot...
She keeps peering inside hesitantly.
Uh... Um...!
But she finally summons up the courage to call out to us.
What do you think Tulip Prison is lacking the most?
Lacking?
That’s...
I heard a rumor that you can get a special fortune telling here!
Yes.
The Devil in the upright position. You are suffering from unhealthy and depraved feelings.
Isn’t it obvious?
...What’s wrong? You need to talk?
Sex.
(END)
Start bedding these sexually frustrated women.
......
The Chief and I are just standing there dumbfounded.
All the inmates here are sickos, sexual deviants. Give them a little taste of sex, and they’ll do whatever you want.
Whatever we want...
Besides, the prison guards are all women as well. It wouldn’t be a stretch to say that they’re all sexually pent up.
They’re all sexually pent up.
......
......
......
Are they?
Sounds like a virgin calling all older women cougars.
Oh, you doubt me? Natsumi.
Yes, ma’am?
Are you horny?
......
Answer me.
S-Sometimes, a lot.
You deal with it by masturbating, don’t you?
Yes, quite often.
See.
That’s sexual harassment.
Yeah.
Officers aren’t saints. They’re just ordinary people. They eat, they poop, and they have sexual desires.
Does that include you?
I won’t deny it.
It seems like it does.
I’m sure it’s the case if she’s admitting to it.
What she’s basically telling me is...
Are we even allowed to do that?
This is Tulip Prison, and I was incarcerated for a sexual crime.
Sex is heavily restricted here.
Seems fine to me.
But Captain Yugao seems to think that it’s no problem.
If that’s the most effective strategy we have, then we have no choice.
She places both hands on her cane and places her chin on top.
We’ll just do what Julia has already been doing, but without all the conspiracy and extra steps. What’s even the issue?
We can’t have anyone find out about this plan.
In that respect, it’s perfect that we’ve been thrust underground and treated like outcasts.
Still, Captain Yugao places undercover guards at the entrances of the mines and basement as an extra precaution.
So, is it true? I heard a rumor that you can get a really relaxing, special ‘reading’ here... with extra services.
It’s true.
And I’m the one who’ll be doing the servicing.
I...?
Yes, that’s right. You said you’d sleep with anyone to achieve your objective. So then prove it.
R-Right... They were calling you a Chad...
I may have not understood what that meant.
There have been rumors going around for a while that I was a Chad.
That’s why all these sexually frustrated people seem to have such high expectations.
What’s wrong? You need to talk?
As far as treating women goes, I have nothing but confidence.
I’ve got a pig-nosed fucker in the next cell over, keeps me up all night snoring... That’s led to my irregular menstruation cycle...
I’m glad I learned how to do these readings.
Okay, then lie down in the upright position on this bed.
But this time, I’m not just here to listen.
It goes without saying that you can’t just fuck them.
You have to win them over by making them believe that you’re here for their pleasure and that you’re a good listener.
This plan only works if I can do that.
Your muscles are so tense. It must have been hard. I’ll correct your blood flow now.
But the inmates here have nicknames.
Uh, um, your hand is going somewhere weird...
They are basically just named after their sexual proclivities.
Looks like your lymph flow here needs work.
For example, my current client lured a masseur to her home for an on-site massage, then forced him into sex and uploaded the videos online.
There, it’s starting to flow better again.
W-Wait... I-Is this a loophole bang...? Oh!
Which means she’s extremely vulnerable to a massage like this.
W-Wait, if you put that in, there won’t be any loopholes about it!
It’s just a lymph massage.
I’m handling a sicko who’s been forced to abstain.
Lymph.
Lyyyyyyyyyyyymph!
Making them climax isn’t difficult once you get the hang of it.
And thanks to my tireless training, I have quite the stamina.
You can scream and moan as much as you want.
Oh, but...
Just say it!
I’m cumming!
Compared to swimming against the current fully clothed, this is barely a warm-up.
Say it!
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I’ve also become more vigorous due to my increased testosterone from all the exercise.
I-I’m cumming! Y-You may have gotten me, but there are still a lot of lone wolves in the prison!
No matter how many people I treat, there will still be more whose needs haven’t been met.
Those hallway slippers! At such an angle! Completely perpendicular, inside me!
All that working out has come in handy in such an unlikely scenario.
This isn’t why I started training.
Hehe, you’ve actually become a real Chad.
Seriously...
Life is funny, I think to myself.
But it’s not like this came easy.
I don’t know if I can do it.
I answered like that when this was proposed.
Simply put, I can’t imagine I can sexually satisfy the opposite sex.
Because... I’m a virgin.
I didn’t have the confidence at all.
Look, he’s not game. Can’t you come up with a different plan?
You’re softer on him than I thought. You’re the one who said war is a numbers game.
Then it seems that targeting all these women would be the easiest solution.
Then you’re telling me you’d give that order to your own people? Tell that giantess there to sleep with some dirty old man?
Natsumi has much more experience than I do. Unlike some virgin.
......
You say that, but...
Besides, you know better than anyone that this is the only way, don’t you, Princess?
The Chief falls silent, looking quite displeased.
Have you never even kissed a girl before?
I’ve kissed the Chief once.
You have...?
Well, that was more like an act of necessity.
I see. You don’t want your boy to sleep with other women. Such pointless jealousy.
That’s not it. This is about Minato and what he’s willing to do.
I’m fine with it...
If this is necessary, and it will help the Chief, then I won’t even hesitate.
If it’s a technique issue, I’ll just learn.
But how?
That’s easy.
Captain Yugao says rather casually again.
You should just practice... with that woman there.
What...?
The Chief lets out an exclamation at the captain’s suggestion.
Yugao just clacks her cane on the floor and stands up.
Listen, here!
I’ll give you until tomorrow morning. You can use this room. Just try to get the muscle memory for where women like to be touched.
You think this is fucking funny?!
I don’t think this is a joke at all. Do you not see that I’m helping you out here? How about a show of gratitude? Natsumi.
I’ll fill Sofiya in. I’ll leave you to it then.
And with that, she closes the door behind her.
......
......
The Chief and I have been left behind in the room.
......
But we aren’t left alone for long.
I forgot to hand this to you...
I’ve seen that plastic bag before.
Make sure to use protection.
They are condoms.
I never thought I’d be using them for myself.
What do we do...?
I ask the Chief because I’m at a loss.
Good question.
The Chief looks a little lost herself.
Not that I have any experience either, but I’ve studied some ancient bedroom arts.
You have?
Falls under wife training. Part of learning the arts. Seemed old-fashioned for this day and age... but I can’t believe it’s going to be useful here...
So, well, um... I think I can give you a taste of the general experience.
I react when she says that she can give me a taste.
Men are supposed to go for wine, women, and slot machines. You’re a bit late to the party on this one, but...
My heart starts racing, and breathing becomes more difficult.
But this would be your first time, right? Are you sure you want to, um...
To be honest, I want to a lot...
I wonder how sex starts.
I can’t even imagine it.
Right, I suppose that’s to be expected of someone your age...
But my bottom half is yours.
The vow I made over the chastity belt.
I want to a lot, but I won’t have sex without your permission.
That’s the oath of loyalty I swore inside my heart.
Before you said I couldn’t massage your breasts.
I did.
I don’t want to do anything you wouldn’t want.
......
What should I do, Chief?
......
A sweet aroma wafts towards me.
The Chief reaches out to my chest.
She slowly caresses my chin before she pulls me into her.
Will you bed me, Minato...?
Okey dokey.
How cool is she? I think to myself.
Okay then... take it off, Minato.
Okay.
Hehe... Seriously, the speed you take your clothes off is like a party trick. But... do you still feel cramped?
Come here. I’ll unlock and free you.
I thrust my groin out, and the Chief squats down in front of me.
She gently holds my testicles as she delicately begins to unlock the belt.
I hear the clicking and clacking of her fiddling with it.
That’s enough to pump all my blood to my member.
Okay, then. Now you’re free.
Heh. It’s already twitching. Are you excited?
Because you’re looking at my privates, and it’s like you’re playing with it.
You’re cute.
Then will you take off my clothes?
You want me to do it?
You’re about to bed a lot of women. There could be a few of them that get turned off if you’re not the one taking their clothes off.
But it feels better to take off the clothes yourself...
You’re a goddamn exhibitionist through and through.
Okay. What if I’m the one who takes off your clothes?
You?
I try imagining the Chief taking off my clothes.
That’s... really nice.
I think it would be really nice.
Exactly. Getting your clothes removed at a close distance raises the excitement for both people. Makes you realize what’s about to happen.
That’s nice!
I think to myself just how much I want the Chief to take off my clothes.
Can I put my clothes back on for a second?
Fuck no. I thought you were an exhibitionist.
Well, I’ll be an introbitionist just for now.
What the hell is that?
I don’t know.
I bet. Anyway, you’re already naked. I’ll take your clothes off next time.
There’s going to be a next time?!
That comes down to your effort. If you seriously want to study up on your bedroom techniques... then I’m down as many times as you want.
I’ll do my best then!
Hehe. You’re crazy. You’ll always be cute to me, no matter what shit we go through.
I don’t mind being called cute by the Chief.
Okay... Now, will you take my clothes off?
Okay.
(END)
I step closer to the Chief and start taking off her prison uniform.
It’s a little difficult as it’s so snug on her, but the design isn’t much different from the men’s.
That’s why I don’t stumble.
Her fair skin is gradually getting exposed more and more.
I’m the one doing it.
It’s true, I think to myself.
Taking someone’s clothes off is exciting, whether I want it to be or not.
The Chief and I are about to have sex right now.
Inside this facility. A prison that forbids sexual behavior.
Oh...
I bring her closer so I can remove her bra, and my erection brushes against her belly.
Sorry, my penis hit you.
Uh... It’s fine. Don’t worry about it. You’ll be putting it inside me pretty soon anyhow.
Oh, right.
That doesn’t mean you can press it against me.
I mean, I thought you said not to worry about it...
You’re so honest with your desires. Come on. Just one last piece. Remove it yourself.
Okay.
I squat down and place my hand on the triangular fabric hiding the Chief’s most precious area.
......
I slip it off.
The Chief silently raises one leg and steps right out.
She does the same with the other leg and her panties are completely removed.
......
The Chief is in front of me buck naked.
How was undressing me yourself?
It was very... exciting.
Right?
You know such erotic things.
Heh. I told you I knew my bedroom arts.
You’re dirty, Chief.
Dumbass. Don’t be such a turn-off.
Some people might consider that a turn-on.
I won’t deny that... but I’m not a dirty pervert...
You are.
You motherfucker.
Your body is so dirty and sexy.
Hm. That’s a strange way to compliment me. Hah... I told you I’d teach you, but it’s hard to stay focused with you...
Well... dirty talk is good. We’re about to face each other naked. Let’s do what we need to.
I lay myself down on top of the Chief.
How is it, Minato?
You’re very pretty.
The Chief lets out an embarrassed chuckle.
Good. If you want to sexually satisfy someone, it’s important to start with their heart. Complimenting your partner is very effective.
The Chief compliments me even though I just said what was really on my mind.
I’m very excited right now.
This could be the first time my dick has been this hard.
That’s good too. Communicating your excitement will also arouse them. It’s tantalizing to think that you’re making someone feel excited.
I am also just stating a fact again.
I feel my temperature rise as she compliments me.
What should I do next?
What do you want to do?
I want to... touch your breasts.
Heh. That’s no surprise. It’s like we’re back there again.
So, no?
No, it’s fine. Touch and feel them up as much as you want.
Sorry. I didn’t mean for it to take this long to fulfill our promise.
No, it’s fine.
I reach my hand out and touch her breasts.
Mm... haa...
They’re soft like mochi.
I savor her smooth skin, gently sliding my hand around the outline of her breasts.
I’m touching the Chief’s breasts right now.
Mm... Yes. Good. Be gentle just like that. Hmm... Don’t be rough... It hurts.
I’m just caressing her, and I feel the blood in my body getting hotter and hotter.
What would happen if I squeezed them? As soon as the thought crosses my mind, my hand is already grabbing one.
Mm, ah...
Her smooth yet firm breasts suck in my hand the more I squeeze.
When I relax my hand, her shapely breasts give my eyes something to feast on.
It’s not long before I find myself completely at her mercy.
Mm, hehe... You really love tits, huh?
I love them.
But what catch my eye the most are the peach-colored jewels at the center of her chest.
The Chief’s nipples.
I’m allowed to touch these.
I give in to my desires and pinch them between both of my index and middle fingers.
Fah!
She lets out an unbecoming exclamation.
Chief?
Hm? What is it?
......
So nipples are sensitive.
This time I pinch a little harder.
Eep...!
......!
I’m sure of it now.
The Chief has sensitive nipples.
I swallow and focus my attack there.
Ah, fuh, ngh, hey... Ngh...
I get more and more excited as her moaning tickles my ears.
The Chief is moaning. Because of my fingers on her nipples.
Her nipples are getting harder.
This is amazing.
Carried away by my excitement, I pinch her nipple hard.
Agh! Hey, that hurt! Ow!
The Chief starts squirming and her modest breasts bounce slightly.
This is way too amazing.
Ow! Hey, ease up...! Stop... pinching me... Ngh?!
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen in my life.
My breathing becomes more labored as I pinch her nipples harder.
Can’t you hear me sayin’ it hurts,|you stupid motherfucker?!
Ow!
She cracks me upside the head.
Hah, hah... Fucking got carried away like a monkey...
I am terribly sorry.
I finally snap out of it.
Are you really even |thinking| about your partner’s desires?
Your breasts are just so amazing, I got absorbed in them.
Just because that’s a compliment doesn’t mean I forgive you...
I’m sorry.
Listen... Sex isn’t like jacking off. If you think about it... it’s the ultimate form of communication.
Ultimate form of communication.
For example. What would you do if someone started talking about something you’ve got absolutely no interest in?
I’d want to kill them.
Right? Same goes with sex. You think your partner is gonna like it if you just do whatever you want, like you just did now?
......!
Did you want to kill me?
I’m not that small-minded.
I only thought about it a little.
I’m glad it was just a little.
But you have sensitive nipples.
You poor thing. What, I squeal a little bit and you totally believe me?
What...?
Were you... pretending?
Shocked? But you felt excited while you were playing with my nipples, weren’t you? That’s what fulfilling your partner’s desire means.
If you squirm a bit and make some noises, that’ll satisfy your partner. Makes you think that I’m falling for you. That your technique is sending me over the edge. You know?
Yeah, I was thinking just that.
That’s communication. And this isn’t limited to men and women. When you get a response that’s better than you expected, anyone would be happy.
That’s a valuable lesson.
However, I find it very disappointing that the Chief had been faking it.
Don’t be so down on yourself. It happens to everyone at first. Well, I mean, this is my first time too, but yeah...
You’re so calm even though this is your first time.
Well, because I feel like I need to teach you these sex techniques. I can’t let that fluster me.
Honestly, I’d like to see you be flustered in a situation like this.
That right? Well, you’re gonna have to learn some techniques to make me.
Yeah! I’m gonna do my best!
Aw, you sweetheart. Anyway, the way you grabbed my breasts at first wasn’t bad. You need to start gentle like that—it’s way better than sticking your dick in straight away.
That’s good to hear.
I know I got a little too caught up in the moment, but I’m glad that there isn’t any issue with my flow.
How do I get to penetration?
Hm... Well, you get to that once your partner’s wet.
I wonder how to get them wet.
I’m not sure how to describe it... I guess it’s the same as when you get an erection.
Same as an erection...
If you touch and caress the sensitive areas... and use your words to excite them... they’ll naturally get wet.
I see.
So many things I’m learning for the first time.
But will I be able to excite the Chief?
To get her nice and wet...
......?
I squint and stare at her slit.
Are you... already wet?
......!
Chief... you’re wet!
Well, this is your first time, after all. I figured we’d save the more advanced foreplay for later, so I went ahead and got myself wet so you could jump to penetration right away.
Like when gacha games give you a free pull to get started.
Not really sure I understand that example that well...
‘I’ll get myself wet for you just this first time, so try putting your dick in the slot. Tap here.’
Tap where?
Like the nipples...?
I’m not that knowledgeable about sex or games.
But if her pussy is wet, then that means she’s ready.
In other words...
I can put it in now...?
Yeah. But make sure you put on a condom first. They gave you some, right?
Yeah.
I take out a condom and position it over my tip.
We’re really doing this?
Yeah.
I push the condom against my cock.
......?
Now I’m thrusting my hips to try to get the condom on.
You don’t know how to put one on?
......!
I’m incredibly embarrassed.
Amatsu could’ve said something, but he’s remained silent.
Good grief. You’re so green and innocent. I can’t believe you’re a convict.
Give it here. Seeing as this is your first time, I’m going to put it on for you. Then you can try putting it in.
Like when gacha games give you a free pull to get started.
You said that already.
The Chief places the condom against my tip.
This side with the bump is the front. Make sure this is facing up when you put it on. Try to remember that.
Okay.
The Chief puts the condom on my member like she’s done it a thousand times.
I see, so you roll it down.
I’m embarrassed being taught so attentively, but I don’t hate it.
Okay, all done. You think you can remember that?
My shaft is wrapped in a half-transparent tube of rubber.
It’s so cool and fancy!
Heh... That’s a unique take on it.
Now then... Seems like we’re both ready now.
My cock is standing at attention, equipped with a condom.
And the Chief’s vagina is all wet, ready for penetration.
Are you sure I can put it in?
Yeah. But go slow at first. Go nice and gentle when you put it in.
Okay.
I hold my cock with one hand and place it against her opening.
I slowly insert my head inside.
Mm...
Her moan awakens the animal instincts inside me, but I manage to keep my desire to plunge my whole cock inside her immediately in check.
My tip gets swallowed by her slit, and I thrust further.
My rock-hard meat stick has angry veins popping up. It sinks deeper and deeper into her pussy.
Hah... Ngh... Ah...
......!
Her folds, hot and wet from her juices, wrap around my shaft.
The sensation is enough to send a shiver down my spine.
If it feels this good by just putting it in, what will it be like when we start actually having sex?
I somehow suppress my bestial urges, and slowly bury my cock deeper and deeper into the Chief.
It’s frustrating to be given so much pleasure, but it feels like I’m constantly being teased.
Haa... Ngh... Good... Now go ahead and put the rest inside...
Even if she said not to, I probably would have pushed my whole shaft the rest of the way in. That’s how good it feels.
And then.
Mm, hah... Ah...
My whole penis is inside her.
Haa... Hah... Hehe, well done. You went nice and gentle like I asked.
Yeah... It’s all in.
Haa, mm... So this is what it feels like...
I don’t know what it feels like for the one receiving.
However, it’s hard to describe what it feels like for the one doing the giving as well.
Her wet walls are hugging my cock as it pulsates.
I want to enjoy this pleasure even more. I want to devour it.
However, if I get lost in my own pleasure, I won’t be able to fulfill my partner’s desires.
I fight this surge of lust and manage to get calm again.
......! Chief, you’re bleeding!
Haha, yeah... I just lost my virginity after all.
Virginity...
This is also the Chief’s first time.
There are countless people who yearn for the leader of the Kyushu families.
And I took her virginity.
The blood flowing from where we are joined is proof.
I feel my heart beating.
You can feel proud. There aren’t many men who can make me bleed.
I am proud. I’m so happy to be your first.
Haa... You could be my first... and last.
......!
My cock flinches inside her.
Haha, you’re so transparent. This is another technique to make your partner fall for you.
That’s good to know.
But if you just said that to teach me about that technique... then that’s very disappointing.
Heh... I might actually mean it. Maybe I’m just trying to mask my feelings.
Is that another technique?
Hah, I wonder.
The Chief toys with my heart as she dances around her feelings.
When she does this, it makes me want to make her mine. I want to make her fall for me.
Does it hurt?
I’d be lying if I said no. But this hardly counts as pain for me.
You don’t need to hold back. You can tell me if it hurts.
Mmh! Yeah, I’ll do that.
Heh... How kind of you. Are you implementing what I taught you already?
Huh? What are you talking about?
So it’s just natural... You do that sometimes.
Anyway... Don’t you want to start moving?
Can I?!
Yeah. To be honest, I’m getting antsy too. I want you to start moving.
Okay!
I immediately begin to pull out my shaft slowly.
Hah... Ah, mm, haa...
Right when my tip is about to come out, I slam it back in hard.
Gah!
Then I start thrusting my hips.
Mm, haa... Ah, hah... Ngh, mm!
The pleasure is incredible.
Each time I thrust, I feel a tingling sensation jolt from my groin, up my spine, and into the brain.
It feels so good.
So this is sex.
Hah... How is it, Chief?!
Mm, hehe... It feels good, Minato... Although... I feel like you’re not thrusting hard enough...
She’s right. I’m not thrusting as well as I’m imagining.
Even though it’s just moving your body back and forth, it’s actually harder than it seems when you try.
If I just thrust like crazy for the sake of pleasure, lust takes over everything, and the body can’t keep up.
I had no idea sex was so difficult.
Haha... Ngh... Sorry, that part just comes down to experience... Just like you did with the middle strike... you just have to keep swinging.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
Pff!
Did you cum?!
N-No, you made me laugh...
Don’t make that sound... It’s a huge turn-off.
But it helps motivate me.
Try moving your hips again.
I restart my pounding.
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
What are you doing?
See?
Oh... Right...
I think to myself that I’ll stop making sounds when I’m having sex.
What am I doing...? You know, this is my first time...
It’s my first time too.
Is this... what sex is?
I don’t think so.
Well, forget about the noise. It’s not a bad thing to pant and communicate how good it feels... Let’s keep going.
I go back to thrusting my penis in and out of Taeka.
Mm, haa... Ah, hah, ngh, mm, ngh...!
Despite the occasional meander in our conversation, seeing the Chief moan like this gets me back in the mood.
Every time I thrust forward, her little melons sway to and fro.
Her sweat glistens in the light.
Haa, mm... How’s my body...?
It’s amazing... It feels really good.
Mm, thanks... Hah... But you have to say more than that... That’s not enough... to satisfy a woman.
I feel like I’m drowning in pleasure.
Despite my brain being on the brink of overheating, I try to think of a compliment that would make her happy.
Y-Your inside is so amazing... Your pussy is engulfing my dick...
Mfff... Haha! That’s not bad... Come on, say more.
It’s like this pussy is hugging me... Oh, crap, my dick is getting hotter and hotter...!
Good... More...!
I bet you had some sleepless nights to get your pussy to feel this good!
Okay, wrong direction...
What? No...
I’m shocked. I was pretty confident in that one.
Mm, hah... Okay... I’ll show you how it’s done...
Haa... Ngh, uh... Mm... What is this dick...? It’s... hitting all the parts... of my pussy that... feel so good! Ah...!
......!
Mm, ngh... Hehe, but... I’m the matriarch... of the Hatae Clan... The leader of the Japanese Chivalrous Union Kyushu Branch.
I’m not gonna lose it just because you stick your dick in my pussy... Ahhh!
......?! W-What was that...? M-My pussy just felt a jolt... Oh! S-Stop! Oh!
......!
My cock is driving the Chief crazy.
Although, there’s a chance that she’s just acting here.
Even so, she really is squirming.
That cool Chief is acting this foolish for me.
That alone is enough to excite me.
Oh! No... Hah... Damn it... What is this dick...? I can’t stop from... Ahh!
Oh, shit... Your dick is driving my pussy crazy... I can’t think about anything... Ah!
I-I can’t believe... I’m being driven this crazy... by some dick! Ah, ah!
Is she really just acting?
This could be real. She could really be moaning right now.
It might just be wishful thinking, but the possibility is enough to get my penis even bigger and harder.
Mm?! T-There’s no way... Your dick got bigger in my pussy... I-I can’t... Oh!
......!
I have a tremendous realization.
I’m really happy to have my technique and cock praised. It’s exciting.
That’s why my dick is getting harder and bigger.
And that means the one giving the compliments gets to experience an even stronger erection.
I try to think of it from the other person’s point of view.
If I praise the Chief’s body and technique, it might make her feel good, making her even wetter.
If she’s wetter, my shaft will be able to slide more smoothly inside her vagina, allowing for a deeper sensation of pleasure.
In other words, the one giving the compliments gets a reward back in return.
So making the other party happy and giving them a more pleasurable experience will also lead to your own pleasure.
Chief!
Oh, ngh... Y-You’re getting even faster...? I was supposed to be the one teaching you... At this rate, I’m just... Ah!
Chief... You’re amazing! Not just your pussy. I can’t stop staring at your shapely breasts bouncing around!
Her pussy gushes with love juices.
The sticky liquid engulfs my penis, warming my body to the core.
Mm, haa...
The Chief laughs as if to ask if I noticed the change.
Sex is not like masturbating.
It’s the ultimate form of communication to see how much more pleasure we can give each other.
You’re always so cool... but the way you look so cute and sound so sexy... It’s not fair!
And every word I say pays off, making me pay even more attention to her face and moans.
Hah, ah... I just noticed the face you make during sex... Does your dick feel that good? I-Is my pussy that good?
It’s really good...! It’s wrapping around me like it loves my dick! It’s a slutty pussy!
Well, you’ve got a slutty dick too! It’s screaming how much it loves pussy, and how it wants to cum inside me!
The Chief is responding to my words.
We both receive the rewards of giving each other pleasure.
My head feels dizzy, but it’s like a nice buzz.
Ah, I want to cum inside your pussy! My balls are full of cum!
Hah! Your swinging balls are making jizz? You want to blast my pussy with your thick cum?
I do! I want to fill your pussy up with my spunk! Everything I have!
Mm, hehe... Okay. Why don’t you empty all your cum inside my pussy.
You can spray your pussy milk too!
Okay...! I’ll blast my slutty pussy milk all over your dick!
Pussy milk?
The pleasure is so great, she doesn’t even know what she’s saying anymore.
Our lower bodies are almost burning.
While I still haven’t gotten the hang of thrusting, I feel an electric pleasure every time I slide my meat stick in and out.
A torrent of desire surges up like a wave.
Chief! I’m close...! Your pussy is so good, I’m about to cum!
Mm, okay... Cum. Fill my pussy up with your dick juice.
My pussy wants your dick juice too.
Chief, you want me to cum?!
Ngh... I know...! You’re so much weaker than me... but your dick is so amazing. My pussy wants your genes... Oh!
So, come on... Fill my slutty pussy with your sexy dick juice!
I’m at my limit.
My mind is going blank.
I feel the cum boiling in my balls start to rise up my shaft.
Chief, I’m...!
Okay! Cum! Cum, dick! Give my pussy your thick dick juice!
Hah, mm... Your dick is twitching... I feel your sexy dick juice coming... Ah...
Hah, ahhh!
Mm, ah... You’re cumming... I feel it filling my pussy up...
My dick pumps out more cum with every dirty word she says.
The hair on my body stands straight up from the pleasure, and I’m at a loss for words.
Mmh, ngh... It keeps spurting out... You’re finally done... Mm! You still had more left? What an amazing dick!
Or is my pussy that good?
I think it’s both...
I finally finish ejaculating.
I am so confident in my stamina from all my working out and training, but I feel totally drained.
Did your pussy milk come out...?
No.
That quickly dampens my mood.
Was I really not that good...?
It doesn’t matter how good you are, I can’t produce what I don’t have... What the hell is pussy milk anyway? I was really tempted to say something.
Then... what about your breast milk?
No.
What can come out then?!
I mean... like love juices.
So if semen is dick milk, then love juices are...
Did your poon juice come out?!
Yes, but that kind of sounds like prune juice.
Prune juice came out?!
Of course not.
The Chief shrugs.
It feels strange we’re having a conversation like this when I’m still inside her.
I mean, that was pretty good... but you’re going to need a little more practice to get me to climax.
I had no idea you were so dirty...
Just know my way around the bedroom arts. You felt really good, didn’t you?
It was incredibly good.
Hehe... If it felt that good with a rubber on, just think about it if you did it raw.
......!
That’s right, this was through a condom.
I was really ready to cum inside her.
It felt so good, I forgot I was even wearing a condom.
I bet it’s even more incredible without any protection!
I can’t believe anything could feel better.
Anyway, now you know what satisfying sex for the other person is.
Yeah.
By being sincere in trying to excite your partner, you get to experience the excitement by association as well.
That allows you to extract the pleasure to the maximum.
Of course, you’ll need to change things up to match each person’s kinks... but the foundation is all the same.
I understand perfectly.
Really? So that means you don’t need another lesson from me?
I didn’t understand anything at all.
Hehe...
The Chief laughs gleefully as she teases me.
(END)
There’s no need to keep you locked up anymore.
She unlocks my chastity belt.
You don’t need to wait for my orders anymore. I trust you to make your own decisions.
Chief.
You want to become my equal, don’t you? Then do it.
I feel like it’s my first time on a bicycle after getting the training wheels off.
Go on, Minato.
But she smiles.
Don’t worry. You’re the man who I gave my virginity to.
With newfound confidence, I take in many female inmates.
Hey! You’re hitting all the right spots inside of me... If you release your white death dick milk...
I get the hang of it, and my thrusting abilities improve dramatically.
Oh! I only go for futanari girls with huge dicks and balls, but I can’t believe I’m getting my mind blown by a man with a normal set of dick and balls!
By making the other person climax, you also bring pleasure and excitement to yourself.
Hah... hah... I guess I can help you out, seeing how you made me feel this good... Hehe... Pussy really is a microcosm of life...
We expand our forces like I stretch these pussies out.
Hey! What the fuck is this?! You think you can just thrust your hips around like an animal?!
No, ma’am!
My sex training with the Chief continues.
It might feel good for you to stick it all the way in, but it fucking hurts on our end if we’re not used to it...!
What do I do then...?!
Watch your partner carefully...! Fighting and sex are the same. You wait to see how they come swinging before you make your move...
......!
The Chief takes a page from the Spartan book of training.
Maybe it’s because I’m no longer a child in her eyes, but someone on her level.
Ngh... That’s right, good boy. It doesn’t need to be that deep. Depending on the response... hah... you can switch back and forth... ngh...!
That’s why I gave it some thought.
What can I do to give pleasure to the opposite sex?
Yes... Hah... Make sure you keep a rhythm. You have the stamina... Just keep at it... relentlessly...
What can I do to get them turned on?
Yes...
......!
At some point, I start asking myself what can I do to get the |Chief| turned on.
You’re getting wetter...!
Yeah... because a certain someone keeps pushing it in as far as it can go... I started to get turned on by deep penetration...
I’ve trained with the Chief dozens of times now.
Don’t start thrusting faster because I start moaning... that’s a bad habit of yours...
That angle right there is good... That means it’s my weak spot! Don’t miss out on this discovery!
But I haven’t been able to make her cum yet.
I’m not a sicko like the others... If you can get me to cum, then you should be able to get any one of these inmates to!
I want her to feel good.
This is the last condom... Show me what you’ve got!
......!
I ramp up my thrusting.
But I keep the speed steady, my head remaining cool.
Hah... Ngh...
I watch her intently, hitting the spot accurately.
Ah, hah... ah, mm...
I don’t need to be showy.
Ah, hah... Ngh, ah...
What’s important is what’s in our hearts.
Mm...
The Chief’s body trembles slightly.
Her breathing stops before finally resuming again.
Haaaa... Haaaa... Haaaa...
This is the first time I’ve ever seen her respond like this.
This is her climax.
T-That’s the first time I ever came from penetration...
I came too.
Hehe, then I guess it’s a tie.
That little boy finally became a man... Good grief...
The Chief, glistening with sweat, reaches her hand out to cup my cheek.
You’ve gotten good, Minato... This is the fruit of your effort. Good job.
She gently praises me, her expression very affectionate.
And then I...
......!
I’m suddenly overcome with a sensation like my stomach is being turned inside out.
I can’t look at her directly.
This isn’t embarrassment... It’s happiness.
Wow, you really are still young. Your dick is still rock hard inside me...
My cock should be spent, but it remains intensely erect.
Amatsu doesn’t say anything, but we share the same feeling.
I want to go again...
......
I want to feel the Chief more.
Even if it deviates from my training, it’s how I feel.
Hah... But we’re out of condoms...
I still want to do it...
We look intensely into each other’s eyes.
It feels that we both come to a mutual agreement silently.
If we’re out of condoms...
Then we’d have to...
Here.
......
......
The paperwork is a pain if you get pregnant, so make sure you always use protection.
That’s some good timing...
Yeah.
I’m happy that I get to have more sex with the Chief.
If you want to go again, then you can go ahead and use my body as much as you want... Just don’t go overboard.
I feel like you’ve lost weight recently... This all comes crashing down if you ruin your health.
Okay.
We lay with each other countless times afterwards.
Our body odors mix together to the point where we can no longer tell where one ends and the other begins.
You slept with fifty-four women, got forty-eight to climax, and secured the help of thirty-three.
Not a bad pace for one week’s work. Seems like that thing hanging between your legs isn’t just for decoration.
......
Well, well... Why don’t you look like you enjoyed yourself?
I’m fine.
I roughly sleep with seven a day.
If I include the training sessions, I’ve ejaculated in the triple digits already.
I’ve lost a lot of weight, and my cheeks are beginning to sink in.
I guess that’s just how much energy sex takes.
I’m also working the mines as part of my inmate duties.
My stamina is clearly not recovering at the rate it’s being spent.
You’re clearly not fine.
I have the Chief helping me.
I’m the one doing the act, but it’s the Chief’s job to negotiate with our new prospective allies.
Whether they’re inmates or guards, it can’t get out that we had sex.
The Chief uses that to her advantage, applying some good old-fashioned yakuza negotiation tactics to get them to help us.
This plan was too much. I think we should slow the pace down.
No. We don’t know when Julia might make a move. We have to conduct our recruitment as soon as possible.
But at this rate, Minato’s body won’t...!
So what?
If I did nothing, he would’ve been beaten to death. Wouldn’t you say that getting his life force drained through his testicles is preferable to that?
......
Besides, we can only bring biological women to our side.
We’re clearly going to hit a ceiling eventually.
Then I’ll... deal with the men.
No.
I shake my head.
I’m the one who taught you sex. Pretty sure I can handle it.
No way.
I say in a firmer tone than I meant, and the Chief seems taken aback.
Why not? Your body isn’t going to hold. Besides, this is going to be more efficient.
I don’t know.
I don’t know why myself.
I don’t want anyone else touching the Chief’s body.
Besides... I can do guys too.
......
I can.
I can do anything.
I’d rather be subjected to these awful experiences than her.
I vowed...
This is my job.
...to protect her smile.
Please let me handle this, Chief.
The Chief looks away almost as if she’s embarrassed.
I think I see her cheeks looking a bit flushed.
Well, well... Looks like you’re very loved, Princess.
Shut the fuck up...
I don’t care either way. Just stop fighting like an old married couple. It makes me want to throw up.
......
Either way, you’re my pawns. The boy just has to keep thrusting his hips like a stallion. That’s all he can do.
Yes, ma’am.
Good answer. And this is insurance. Insurance for if and when that crazy Julia starts something like a riot.
She looks down at us with cold eyes.
I only play games that I know I can win. Once I have my insurance in place, I’ll finally be able to go on the offensive.
I don’t care that I’m a pawn or if my balls get drained dry.
......
I don’t care as long as I can protect the Chief.
Activate Pee Diarrhea, the Sexual Conqueror! If battling a cumdumpster whose fetish level is less than this card’s, the opposing cumdumpster’s attack power will become zero, zero, zero!
My Xxx Cumdumpster doesn’t have any fetishes, nullifying the effect!
What?! But if it doesn’t have a fetish, doesn’t its fetish level count as zero, zero, |zeroooo|?!
After the Chief’s fall from grace, the recreation room has become the epicenter of card battles.
Zen-Gi-Oh! has become a prison-wide hit.
Stand up, my avatar! Sperm Rider! Brassiere Blade! Coin Bet! Clitoris Trigger Get!
I block it with my wife!
The meta’s advanced during my absence.
Is it me, or are they mixing cards in from somewhere else?
It’s better we distribute the risk.
Pretty sure that’s just doubling down on it...
In any case, the game’s popularity works in our favor.
Phew! I managed to win somehow... but it was a close one. Looks like I’m still no match for the Uterus Brothers yet.
I walk up to the man with a distinctive hairstyle from behind.
Do you want to become better?
Who are you?
Just an inmate passing through.
Anyway... would you want this?
What... Is that a Dragon Diddler?!
I’ve got a DSF, too.
Deep Stroke Fucker?!
You want ’em?
Y-Yeah, I do, but I don’t have enough money to afford these rare cumdumpsters...
You own all those cards without money?
I found the cards.
You don’t need to pay me. What I want now are strong allies.
Strong allies...?
You have potential.
......!
I have tons of other cards like these.
Card of Dick Pill?! Solemn Spanking! Assfuckchode Stalker! W-Wow!
I also have this terrifying card.
T-That’s...!
Mirror Whores!
You really pulled out all the stops.
If you join my side, then I’ll give you all of these.
All of them?!
And if you don’t have any money, I have a good way.
You can sell these rare cards to the other Scruelists.
What?! But will people really buy them...?
Don’t worry. Just tell people they can re-sell them for a lot of money.
That’s true! Of course, I could just do that...
Since this is your first time, I’ll give you all these cards if you agree to become my ally.
Then I want you to do the same thing I did to recruit more allies.
Okay... I think I can do this... I’m gonna try!
He runs off enthusiastically.
That went well.
This way I can bring in men who aren’t homosexuals.
And the overwhelming majority of Zen-Gi-Oh! Scruelists are males.
In other words, the Chief won’t have to put her body on the line.
Minato... You...
The Chief stares at me as if reading my thoughts.
You have a criminal mind.
......!
I’m kidding. Don’t make that face. Hehe. You’re cute.
The Chief pats my head as she laughs out loud.
I’m glad.
As long as she’s laughing, I feel happy.
Thanks, Minato.
I’ll do anything for my idol.
Although, I would find it very helpful if you did all the negotiating.
Yeah, leave that to me. I can handle that.
The Chief really is best when she’s smiling, I think to myself.
Outside our sessions, I’ve been working diligently in the mines.
Unf! Unf!
Hehe... You make that noise when you excavate too?
It’s become a habit.
Recruiting allies may be important, but I can’t forget to continue working out.
Just as Captain Yugao said, we don’t know when the nun might make a move.
I won’t let anyone lay a finger on you.
You sound pretty confident for someone who can barely stand up. Don’t push yourself too hard. You don’t think I can handle myself?
While it’s obvious that the Chief is stronger than me, I feel that this is a matter of motivation.
Still, I’m not at my best right now. My roundhouse kick is especially subpar.
Why?
My groin hurts because someone’s been thrusting at it so much.
......!
Or maybe it’s stronger after losing my virginity... I doubt it.
I feel motivated to work even harder.
We should be able to continue expanding our base as long as my body doesn’t give out.
Once we’re ready, we can move on to the next step.
We have to cure it at the root. If we don’t figure out how she’s brainwashing people, there’s no future for us.
Yeah.
How exactly is the nun brainwashing the inmates?
We’re fairly sure she’s using a drug called “H,” but we haven’t been able to confirm it.
Captain Yugao said that it takes time and preparation to completely reprogram someone.
Yeah, which means... it’s being done somewhere inside this prison.
The most obvious answer is the food.
I doubt that. That’s because the last person in charge of the kitchen was our Umezu. They wouldn’t be able to get it past her.
Besides, we’ve all eaten the food.
And haven’t been brainwashed.
Do you think there are guards who’ve been brainwashed too?
There have to be. Wait, were there any guards at the second-class and first-class gatherings?
They had inmates in charge of security.
In that case, maybe it’s possible that only the inmates can be brainwashed.
Or perhaps they’re only brainwashing inmates on purpose.
But why?
That church.
Church?
The church on the island. Didn’t you feel that there was something off about it? I don’t know how to put it... Seemed like there was something strange about that building.
The Chief is used to painting scenery.
I feel like her instincts can be trusted.
I don’t know. Can you remember any details?
No, not clearly... I might be able to figure something out if I try drawing it.
The Chief said before that making art helps clear her head whenever anything’s troubling her.
Then let’s draw it.
I love watching the Chief draw.
Even if it doesn’t lead us to anything, I want her to draw.
We’ll need to make a request to buy paper and pencils.
Once we’re done here, I’ll go look for my art supplies. Agatsuma might’ve gotten rid of them... If she did, I’ll just draw with pencils.
Are you okay being alone?
I’m the fucking matriarch of the Hatae Clan. I’ll be able to fight better without having someone there I need to babysit.
I’m just collecting the request forms... so I have to talk to everybody, even an outcast like you... I’m so nice... But I’ll get in trouble if someone sees me talking to you...
I’ve been summoned by Crappymori.
I’ll be conducting a bag search while I’m at it, okay...? I’ll have to confiscate any contraband, hehe...!
It seems that’s her aim.
I’ve been told to keep a closer eye on you... Hmm, but there’s nothing interesting here... Lame.
Recently, inmates have been hiding all sorts of stuff in unlikely places, requiring thorough searching.
It’s not all bad. Mediators get lots of perks too.
Yeah, you get to take a bath every day.
Well, I don’t like baths, so I don’t really care about that... I don’t like people seeing me naked either.
Then what’s so great?
Because I get to keep any cards I confiscate... hehehe!
Evidently, that’s the point of her baggage search.
Zen-Gi-Oh! is as popular as ever.
You’re poor, and you don’t have any friends that’ll play with you.
Haha, that’s so funny... You’re so pathetic, I can’t help but laugh... How sad...
......
I’m glad she’s enjoying this, I think to myself.
And there’s this crazy rumor going around among the female inmates...
What kind?
I can’t tell you because you’re a little boy! But apparently, it feels really good. Way better than just a loophole bang...
Hehehe... I know you must be dying to know, but I won’t tell you...! Too bad, I bet that’s really frustrating! Hehehe!
She’s still the worst, I think to myself.
Looking back, every side she’s ever been on has experienced horrible defeat.
Even if we see a chance to bring her on board, we’d be better off without her, I think to myself.
Can I go now?
You may. I kind of want you to go already because I don’t want people thinking I was talking to you. And you smell.
I’m going to make her apologize in her native accent someday, I think to myself.
I turn around and head for the door.
Then I see a familiar face coming towards me.
......
It’s the Eroducer.
Yow! It’s not what you think! I wasn’t talking to this bullied kid. I just ran into him...!
I recently saw him going around bragging about how he gets to bathe every day now that he’s been transferred to the cafeteria.
He should be busy preparing lunch at this hour.
What’s the matter?
Why is he here?
......
......?!
He suddenly grabs me by the throat.
His fingers dig into my skin, putting pressure around my trachea.
......!
I throw a punch at his face as hard as I can.
I hear a dull thud.
Ah...
But the Eroducer doesn’t even flinch.
As if he hasn’t even realized he’s been punched.
Gah... ahh...!
His eyes don’t even look human.
They’re like an insect’s.
Eeeeeeeep! K-Keep me out of this!
This is weird. I don’t think he was ever this strong.
He lived a slovenly life with a body to match.
Ngh... Gah...
Gaaaaaaaaah!
I can’t breathe.
I’m going to die.
......!
Just as I think I’m going to die, something like a needle stabs the Eroducer’s arm.
He lets go of my throat reflexively and knocks me away.
......!
Then the SST officer shoulders the big-boned Eroducer.
Gah...
The Eroducer’s body slams against the wall and he passes out.
Mashiro. Take this man to the medical ward.
Copy that.
|Cough...| ack, hack!
I’m bent over on the ground, coughing.
But I’m soon picked up by the back of the neck.
We shouldn’t stay here. Let’s go.
(END)
I’ve been brought to that Japanese garden.
Yes... He’s fine, there aren’t any apparent injuries. I think he’ll need to rest a bit.
She’s talking to someone through the radio on her neck.
Yes, understood. I’ll let him know.
Then suddenly, the short SST officer with the speech impediment appears.
Natsumi, I got rid of the other man. I don’t think anyone saw us. I’m returning to my post.
Preheating a roast?
What does that mean, I think to myself.
What do you mean by that?
Die...
What does ‘Nye’ mean?
.........
Maybe the SST have some sort of code words, I think to myself.
You can rest here for about an hour. You don’t need to go back to work.
Why not?
We told the prison that we needed to question you. The SST’s commander has the right to make such demands.
Commander.
Like leader.
This person is the leader of the SST.
Apparently, the SST has more power than I thought.
I thought you have to do what the guards say.
Maybe technically... but we only follow Captain Yugao’s orders.
That’s how much power they have.
But I can’t leave the Chief on her own.
There’s no need to worry. We have someone guarding her.
We will get to her faster than anyone if something comes up. So she doesn’t get thrown into solitary.
This makes me feel like I’m under their protection.
I am very grateful.
You don’t need to thank us. We’re just following Captain Yugao’s orders.
The SST feel like they’re robots.
This incident made it clear. As she said, you are too weak.
.........
Which is why you should train more. I can show you.
I have been training for a while now.
Being told I’m too weak doesn’t sit right with me.
The Chief is training me.
I see.
I doubt you’re stronger than my teacher.
I find myself on the ground.
.........
What did you do?
I attacked.
No wonder.
Don’t worry. You’re no match for me.
I have actual combat training.
It doesn’t matter if she’s stronger than the Chief or not, it’s clear that I don’t stand a chance against her.
But I still don’t want to.
Why not?
It just doesn’t sit well with me.
I don’t sense any heart from someone whose face I can’t even see.
.........
She unexpectedly removes her mask without any resistance.
I imagined someone with a rougher look, but I find her rather charming, I think to myself.
You’re allowed to take that off?
It’s to prevent retaliation from the prisoners. There’s no need to hide my face from an ally.
We’re allies?
The enemy of my enemy... but you are not one of us.
I understand what she’s saying.
I’m someone Yugao deems useful.
Just as Yugao is to me.
You have to become stronger to protect the people important to you.
They may be allies, but they aren’t people I should be trusting either.
Okay.
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
I show the karate I learned to the SST commander.
I have to admit that my movements are rather lacking due to my low stamina.
.........
The commander looks surprised.
What’s the matter?
Nothing. I might actually be able to teach you something.
I don’t know what she means by that.
Then please teach me a new move.
What do you mean?
I was told only to practice my middle strike because I’m not that talented.
Fear the man who’s practiced one move ten thousand times, not the man with ten thousand moves.
She sounds like the Chief.
Maybe I can actually believe her, I think to myself.
In any case, the commander watches me silently as I continue to practice my middle strike.
.........
.........
We don’t talk much.
How am I?
Better than I thought.
.........
.........
What can I do to be stronger?
Weight lifting.
Sounds like she’s not interested in teaching me anything at all.
.........
.........
Or maybe she’s not much of a talker.
I decide to throw out a topic to kickstart a conversation.
What do you think about the brainwashing?
I don’t know.
You don’t know?
I only know how to punch things... I don’t think about the hard stuff.
Apparently, she’s not a thinker.
To be honest, I don’t understand half the things people say.
She apparently can’t follow.
Then what do you think about?
That I’m hungry or something.
I’m starting to like her.
How long have you been in the SST?
I joined the company right after high school. The prison has a contract with my company. So I’m a dispatch worker.
I just assumed she worked for the prison.
People used to bully me in here because of where I’m from.
People get bullied outside of just school?
Hehe, I mean, you’re getting bullied here.
That’s true.
I just thought bullying only happened with kids.
But apparently that’s not the case.
I ran out of money and couldn’t quit... That’s when she saved me.
She must mean Captain Yugao.
She takes care of the SST, and she’s stopped the kind of treatment we used to get.
Treatment?
Since we were dispatch workers, the other officers often used us to relieve their stress. This place has a lot of stress.
I think I remember hearing how dispatch workers can run into a lot of issues in society.
But Captain Yugao always helped us. She talked to our company and secured more benefits for us, increasing our pay and PTO.
I find that hard to believe. She’s not that nice.
You misunderstand her. She’s a kind person.
The commander speaks as she looks upon the pretty flowers.
That’s why we’ll never betray her.
While I don’t feel the same way, I can’t deny her feelings.
It’s her personal opinion.
Then I think you should watch your backs.
......?
The nun has to have figured out that we got Captain Yugao in our corner.
If Captain Yugao’s power lies in the SST, then the obvious approach is to try to weaken it to weaken her.
If she makes a push to take the SST down, she’ll start with the commander. That’s what I would do.
Then I would take down Captain Yugao before finally eliminating me and the Chief.
The commander looks dumbfounded.
You’re smart. Even though you’re small.
I have mixed feelings because I wasn’t expecting a compliment.
And it also doesn’t seem like she followed half of what I said.
I don’t plan on going down until I can repay my debt to her.
But you don’t know how the enemy will strike.
She nods.
I guess we both have to do our best for the people we love.
I tilt my head to the side in confusion.
I mean... I meant our bosses.
Love?
The Chief is my idol. It’s not romantic.
.........
Even Kurebayashi told me that your feelings for your idol are similar to romantic love.
And to not get the wrong idea and become one of those troublesome fans.
That’s why I’ve been so strict with myself.
So I don’t think that applies to me.
What if she took a lover...?
I’d hate it.
Could you congratulate her if she got married?
Never.
What if you saw her holding hands with someone?
I don’t want anyone even touching her.
What if she had sex with someone else?
My brain would explode.
Saying this makes me think.
Are these feelings ones that a fan has for an idol he wants to see succeed?
So you want her all to yourself, don’t you?
Isn’t that romantic love?
I didn’t want the Chief having sex with the other inmates.
I’d rather sacrifice my health and wellbeing than see her do that.
You know, probably.
The commander says, without much confidence.
But I...
.........
I’m left speechless.
This feeling that’s been growing inside me.
I love the Chief?
Saying it out loud makes it land home.
Ahhhhhh!
That was pretty fast today.
.........
When I arrive at the torture chamber, I see the Eroducer strung up.
And? What does popotamimi mean?
Popotamimi means popotamimi! Pipitamimi have the holy karnu, purging hiwawaipi, and rayvol to build olapif!
Speak Japanese!
Pokukunkusaaaaaahhhhhh!
The Eroducer has been stripped naked, and Captain Yugao is poking him with her cane as he sports an erection.
Do you want to cum? I like to give carrots to smart little dogs. Now, talk.
Puffin!
Hahaha! You came without being touched! What a pathetic prostate. With such a loose rectum, does that mean you have loose lips too?
She really is cruel, I think to myself.
I see, so ‘endub-furifuri’ means ally or compatriot. ‘Mopopporo’ is evil. ‘Muhihi’ is an intensifying adverb... Are you writing this all down, boy?
Things that start with ‘pi’ are positive, while things that start with ‘po’ are negative. ‘Pikukunkusa’ is thank you, ‘pokukunkusa’ is sorry.
I’m thrown a notebook and start writing down everything Eroducer says.
What about ‘arameolapif?’
It’s a mantra to build your merits. By chanting it, you can get closer to the kingdom of God.
His eyes are empty like an insect’s.
So it’s like dancing and chanting in Buddhism. Ha. If you could find happiness just by doing a few chants, capitalism wouldn’t exist.
He’s definitely been brainwashed, I think to myself.
He was strangling me with so much force. He shouldn’t have the muscles to do that.
That’s how it is. You can do anything when you’re under hypnosis.
Jump up and fly!
I don’t mean that.
She means that the brain is free from any limiters, allowing it to access power that’s been restricted by the rational mind.
That’s why he doesn’t feel any pain from my punches.
So, what is it that your leader wants? The warden’s job? Money?
We don’t have a founder. There’s only the nun and the ora...cle...
He passes out.
After finishing the interrogation, Eroducer is released.
Fushimigawa, take this dirty man back to his cell... as discreetly as possible.
An oval-faced SST officer grabs Eroducer with one arm and pulls.
The Chief steps in after they leave.
That guy’s face looked pretty swollen... You do that?
It wasn’t me, but I found a rather spirited subordinate.
You brought him here?
Yes, things would get tricky if I didn’t, just like if you got sent to the medical ward. I wanted one of Julia’s believers anyway.
Why?
I was looking into the Perverse Orthofuxy, but their religious terms were all gibberish.
If they had certain code words, they could always be one step ahead of us. That would be a problem.
So that’s why they abducted him.
I may be an officer, but that doesn’t mean I can just interrogate an inmate without just cause. I’m glad he stirred up trouble at the perfect time.
That’s why you had us making so many waves? As bait?
Yes, that’s right. Didn’t I tell you?
We’re just pawns to her.
Nothing more, nothing less.
I wasn’t expecting the resentment. Besides, you’re used to this level of interrogation, aren’t you?
Yeah, it’s nothing unusual. It’s his fault for getting kidnapped during a war. What bothers me is how it was all too easy.
I’m sure it was just a trivial advantage to Julia. But it’s unsettling not understanding what they’re saying, so it was worth it in the end to me.
She wipes her cane with a handkerchief before taking a seat.
I don’t know what Julia’s after. That’s my biggest problem.
We’ve been thinking the same thing.
What does she want to do by brainwashing these inmates?
If we knew her objective, we’d be able to predict her next move. Even anticipate it and counter it.
But she’s just biding her time. Maybe she sent someone to attack Minato, but there’s no sign that she’s making any big attacks against us.
Yes, she’s leaving us alone.
There might be tension, but nothing has happened aside from this attack.
It feels like the nun is always watching our every move.
There’s no mistake that she’s making her moves and preparing in the shadows. But we don’t know why.
What benefit does the nun get from brainwashing prisoners?
If she wants this prison, then why?
Captain Yugao, what is it that you want if you’re able to take control of the prison?
I ask the person closest to her situation.
Money, nothing else.
If you want money that badly, why did you become a correctional officer? I heard they aren’t paid that well.
I’ll tell you, dummy. This is Tulip Prison, the phantom precinct of the correctional system. Hence, it is highly secretive, and the salaries are proportionately high.
From a correctional officer’s point of view, it’s an island full of sex criminals without any shops or entertainment.
They wouldn’t be doing it if the pay weren’t good.
But we still don’t get enough. The prison can’t run without us, and yet...
She lets out a dissatisfied snort.
Then maybe the nun really wants money too?
She’s rich enough to own a whole island. Would she really take such a risk for that?
The possibility is very low. Her family runs Minai Pharmaceuticals, a gigantic company. She herself studied information science somewhere, but I’m sure that’s where she’s getting her drugs.
No, she doesn’t seem to be the type who likes money.
Taking the inmates off the island and conducting the Sabbath must have cost a lot of money to begin with.
Captain Yugao called her a psychopath.
Is her goal the actual brainwashing?
Perhaps she’s just looking to have power over people.
That would actually be more troublesome.
She’d be like a bomb that could explode at any moment.
You said you were looking into the Perverse Orthofuxy... What did you turn up?
Not much. It’s a religion that was started about ten years ago on a different remote island, worshiping a god with the stupid name of Skeetus.
I remember hearing that name during the gathering on Ukkon Island.
And it’s a sex cult. Some called it the Skeetus Church.
Although, despite how often Julia brings up smiles, that’s not written in their doctrine at all.
In other words, it’s something the nun just says that has nothing to do with the religion.
If that’s the case, it doesn’t seem like she’s a real fanatic for their dogma.
That disgusting man said there is an oracle in addition to the nun. That’s another role that’s not part of the Skeetus Church.
There was definitely someone being called an oracle on Ukkon Island.
I didn’t get to see what she looked like since she was under a veil.
Who is the oracle?
I would’ve told you already if I knew.
That’s true.
Either way, we don’t have enough information yet at the moment.
Good grief. There are so many weird people in this prison. When will this place get normal?
When I get into power, obviously.
Captain Yugao speaks without a sense of sarcasm.
Why do you want power that much?
I just find it curious.
People can live without power.
Power would only weigh you down.
Do you know why Tulip Prison exists?
I don’t.
Captain Yugao finally tells me the origin of Tulip Prison.
You know how this prison used to be a mine, don’t you? But before the war, it was just a rock in the ocean.
However, after the result of a survey, they found it had good quality coal. Eventually, it was developed into a mining town.
It was called nicknamed Minato-jima, or ‘Harbor Island,’ because people could come and go as they pleased.
Have you heard the name Namori?
Namori?
It’s a large conglomerate. They used to build battleships, but now they make electric cars and are involved in clean energy.
They were called Namori Heavy Industries at the time, and during the war they brought slaves there to keep the mines running. They also built our great, big walls, so they couldn’t escape.
And after the war, demand for coal grew with the economy, and there were up to forty-five hundred miners at its peak.
But that ended when the main energy source shifted to oil.
No longer as profitable, Harbor Island was going to be closed.
They closed the mines during the first half of the seventies when crime was at its lowest. However, around the mid-eighties, it grew.
It would actually keep growing until the aughts, and the government was afraid that the number of convicts would surpass the existing prison capacity.
Namori had grown to be a giant conglomerate by then. They donated the island to the state as an act of charity and also provided about thirty billion yen for renovation work. The result was...
Tulip Prison.
The prison was built by private funds, not the government’s.
That’s why it’s a phantom precinct that shouldn’t exist.
However, philanthropic work means nothing to a company if they don’t receive any recognition for it. So why would they do it?
Because they’re really good people?
Rich people aren’t good.
Does she have some sort of grudge against rich people? I think to myself.
Besides, it takes a lot of capital to start a prison. And as I mentioned earlier, the correctional officers here pull in a high salary.
So, where do you think the money is coming from?
The mines?
Human resources are practically free here.
Whatever we mine turns into pure profits.
I mean, sure, there’s still demand for coal, but enough for any worthwhile profit?
The high-quality bituminous coal that can be mined from the prison can be made into coke carbon fuel. And what uses coke?
......
......
Iron and steel. Didn’t you go to school?
Oh, that’s right, you didn’t.
The company originally built ships, so they could never have enough iron and steel.
All the coal mined in this prison goes to them.
That’s why Namori Heavy Industries turned this into a prison?
Exactly. With access to prison labor, they must have cut their material costs in half. That would lead to giant profits for the company.
Tulip Prison is a huge source of profits.
I never even thought about it.
It doesn’t matter how much we’re paid. It’s just a drop in the bucket compared to what they’re making.
Where’s that money going?
Who’s the one old hag who gets everything despite doing nothing?
Warden Mizushiro.
It looks like Captain Yugao and the nun have most of the actual power in the prison, but the warden is receiving insane profits behind the scenes.
She may be some scholar or whatever, but she’ll willingly throw money at the outside world to keep this prison going without ever considering putting the funds into the island.
There are some rumors of a secret deal with a weapons company... That would be extremely problematic for a facility overseen by the government.
And you want to correct that kind of misconduct?
No, of course not.
Yeah, I didn’t think so.
If there’s that much money and power going around, then I’ll just take it all for myself.
And I’ll use that power to control this prison. Promise people carrots, and hit them with a big stick. At that point, money isn’t even necessary.
That doesn’t seem much worse than how things are now, I think to myself.
Control through direct power... It doesn’t sound like this prison is going to end up in a decent place whoever wins.
Deterrents are necessary anywhere. The lack of them is why the masses get to do whatever they want.
Or do the yakuza only think that their own acts of violence are justified?
Captain Yugao asks sarcastically.
Well, the yakuza end up here because they aren’t justified.
Oh, where’s your usual bite? Did losing your hymen make you soft?
Fuck you.
The Chief doesn’t say anything beyond that.
She doesn’t seem as strong as she usually is.
Anyway, judging from the followers’ behavior, they have definitely been drugged and hypnotized. You just haven’t figured out how yet, have you?
About that, the Chief actually said she felt there was something off about the church building itself.
I don’t work off of instincts and feelings. Do you have any concrete evidence?
I don’t know if the concrete is involved, but we might figure something out if the Chief draws what she saw back then.
Then do it already... or is there some issue with that?
......
(END)
