I’m having trouble with the lines...
What?
The Chief’s hand is trembling.
The strangely distorted line is supposed to be straight.
The Chief is not in good form for some reason.
What...? Why...? No matter how much I draw... the lines just aren’t... Damn it, what is this?
In other words, she’s in a slump.
How much time do you need to finish?
This has never happened to me before... so I have no idea.
Please don’t blame her. I think her injury is part of it.
Injury? So what? Her own subordinate is losing weight at an alarming speed being a gigolo. You’re saying this is acceptable behavior from her?
You’re right.
The Chief accepts fault and bows her head.
Seeing her like this stirs something inside me.
It’s my fault.
We don’t have the luxury of waiting for her to get over her slump.
But it’s probably all my fault.
I’ll be sure to be back to normal in a few days. Just give me a little time.
If you’re going to be mad, be mad at me.
Shut up.
She got mad at me.
I don’t want anyone to blame the Chief.
You useless dogs. So in the end, the only leads we have are the terms that |my| efforts managed to decode?
She looks through the notes I wrote down with dissatisfaction.
Arameolapif...
......!
Suddenly.
It feels like all the blood in my body begins to boil at once.
Hah... Hah...!
Hah... Minato... Are you okay?!
It’s hard to breathe.
My vision blurs, and I’m overcome by a mysterious sense of euphoria.
The moment you heard this word...? Hmm, interesting.
What’s going on?!
This is a keyword.
Remember our hypothesis of the inmates being conditioned somehow? The key to triggering it is worked into these terms.
I see. She whispered that same word to Minato back when he got an erection through his chastity belt.
The Chief is also breathing laboriously, although not as badly as me.
Captain Yugao seems unfazed as she joyfully looks through the notebook.
Then if we can recreate the conditions when the brainwashing was completed, that would serve as a solid experiment.
Do you seriously think I’d...!
I don’t want to hear it from a useless woman in a slump. You can at least just shut up and watch quietly.
Captain Yugao takes off my clothes.
I’m stripped down to just my chastity belt.
Don’t! We don’t know what could happen!
I-I’m okay, Chief...
If this can lead to a new discovery, then I don’t care.
We can’t win unless we uncover the nun’s secrets!
Minato...
Do it, Captain Yugao!
The Chief looks away.
And she hands Captain Yugao a small key.
I like the commitment. Don’t worry. I give carrots too. Seems like you’re fine if you can stay that hard... Natsumi.
Natsumi appears, and my chastity belt is removed.
Now, show me your belly and beg me. Admit defeat like a dog and surrender fully to me. In other words...
...your penis.
Captain Yugao mounts me as I’m bent backwards.
I get tired if I stand too long. Be my chair, boy.
Her butt is on my butt.
This is quite the spectacle. You’re flexible too. This is a lot more stable than I imagined. Do you work out?
The more flexible I am, the less I’m likely to injure myself... after I throw a middle strike.
Well, well. If that’s the case, how’s this training going?
My cock is lacking a bit of strength.
Arameolapif...
......!
How is it seeing someone you care about look so pathetic? It’s a nice view, isn’t it?
He said he’d do it. I’m not one to say anything once a man’s made up his mind.
So old-fashioned. Whatever, just support my right side.
......
The Chief places her hand on the captain’s waist to support her body.
Try anything funny, and I’ll twist your arm off.
Oh, really? But don’t worry. I’m just going to make him feel good. See?
Her gloved hand grabs my cock.
The brainwashing is completed by sex. If orgasming is the trigger, then we should be able to find out with this.
Don’t worry. If he accidentally gets brainwashed, I’ll take good care of him... haha...
The Chief looks worried despite Captain Yugao’s merry disposition.
You thought I’d take my gloves off? Unfortunately, I don’t touch dirty things.
She slowly starts to move her arm.
It’s not something I’m used to. It feels intensely pleasurable from the start.
Ngh...
Are you okay...?
I’m fine, Chief...
I won’t get brainwashed.
I’ll resist it, no matter what it takes.
Hiwawaipi.
Minato...
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The moment Captain Yugao utters the word...
...I think I ejaculated.
Oh, oh! Ah...
Hmm, I see... Puffin.
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
No, that’s not it.
A pleasure close to an orgasm is being generated just from her handjob.
Minato!
I see, the programmed key also has the effect of intensifying pleasure! Your dirty man-meat is twitching in my hand!
Each time she strokes me, an orgasmic pleasure assaults me.
See, you like when I do this, don’t you, boy? Karnu.
Nghhhhhh!
All the blood in my body courses through me.
Hah, ngh, hah...
A normal human would have been brainwashed easily.
Stop, Yugao, at this rate, he’ll—!
Die? Death by sexual intercourse? Or by handjob? Don’t worry, he’s still young. More importantly, we need verification!
Stop or I’m gonna really rip your arm—!
I’m okay! Keep going!
I yell.
I can take it! So...!
I know I can take it.
I have confidence beyond reason.
Okay. Then I believe in you.
It’s because the Chief is next to me.
As long as she’s here, I know I won’t get brainwashed.
Ick, disgusting! Your precum ruined my gloves.
I desperately try to hang on and stop myself from blacking out.
However, Captain Yugao doesn’t let up. She grips my cock even harder.
Hahaha, but that makes it feel even better, doesn’t it, boy? That must be tough.
Her gloves are soaking wet, as if they’ve been dunked in water.
That’s just how much precum is gushing out of my dick.
There’s no amount of wiping that will get rid of it.
That’s some precise fucking work...
Torture is communication. You’d do well to watch and learn from the master.
She quietly caresses my dick with the back of her hand.
Now, my pipitamimi boy. How about I slowly rub the shaft?
Ahhhhhhh...
My breathing stops intermittently.
I squirm, trying to get away.
But Captain Yugao keeps me pressed down with her body.
Rayvol. How about I stroke the underside with my index finger?
Ngh... Ngh, ngh...
Ah, what is this?
It feels so good, I’m finding it harder and harder to think clearly.
Or how about I violently rub your dick from tip to root? Puppae.
Ahhh! Ahhhh!
The pleasure courses through my body.
Pikukunkusa. Or how about if I grind my palm on your head?
Gah!
I’m unable to make any coherent thought.
......
Ah! Seems like you like your dick rubbed! You want me to stroke you here some more?
I’m no longer in control of my own body.
Now, more!
My brain melts, and I feel like I’ve turned into an insect.
More, more, more!
I feel myself getting swallowed by something.
More, more, more, more, more, more, more!
I’ve lost the ability to comprehend.
Hyah!
The next moment, I ejaculate.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!
A wave of pleasure...
No, it feels like I’ve been run over by a train.
Ah, oh, ohhhhh!
The pleasure from my orgasm is multiplied a hundredfold, assaulting my senses.
What is this?! That’s so much semen...
I continue to ejaculate more and more.
Hahaha! It’s like a fountain! It’s like the Merlion in Singapore! |Cough, cough|!
Ms. Hazuki—
Hahaha! Hahaha! If only Chapter 69 were this fun, I would participate too!
It takes me some time to stop cumming.
Hah... Hah...
I don’t care that my body is covered in cum.
My whole body is just trembling.
Even in my refractory period, the pleasure is close to an orgasm.
What about the brainwashing?!
I order you to compliment me.
Monster handjob hag—
Unfortunately, the brainwashing hasn’t been completed. I thought I’d be getting a nice and loyal dog.
......
I haven’t been brainwashed.
I’m able to move my body to a certain extent.
However.
The moment I orgasmed... Haaaah! Something was weird...
A strange feeling that I was slowly losing myself.
Like I was turning into a different creature.
It could’ve been... a sign... of the brainwashing being completed...
If that’s how it feels for the people who’ve been brainwashed, then that’s terrifying.
It just felt floaty and white.
There was nothing else to feel.
Which means that just orgasming isn’t the trigg—|hey, what are you doing?!
Captain Yugao suddenly grips my cock even though it just finished ejaculating.
I told you I was going to recreate the conditions. Get hard again, boy... Arameolapif.
A strange feeling overcomes my body.
But my member doesn’t get hard.
Hmmm? While it can control a person’s feelings, thinking, and desires, it can’t force the body to do the impossible.
It ain’t magic. Not even Viagra’s |that| good.
No... What do you think this is, boy?
The SST commander shows me something.
A small tube... like an extra-large suppository.
That’s right. If I stick this in your rectum and flip the switch...
......?!
Electricity courses through my rectum.
Hahaha! It sends a jolt of electricity! Fun toy, right? Sakamogi made it for me!
Nghhhhh...
The weak electric current is urging my body to form an erection.
It’s electroshock therapy! Haha! If I stimulate the prostate with this, you should be able to get hard again.
There should be other ways of doing this!
You’re such a dumb princess.
What?
This is obviously the most fun way.
You’re a terrible human being.
The device stimulates my rectum.
And my cock is revived.
Now, we’re all set again. Natsumi, bring me the thing.
Copy that.
The commander hands something to Captain Yugao.
She wraps whatever it is around my dick.
That’s a...
A condom. You didn’t think I was going to touch that filthy thing directly, did you?
Which means...
In order to recreate the conditions at the Sabbath, I’m going to have you ejaculate inside a vagina.
I’m going to have sex.
With Captain Yugao.
Then I’ll do it!
No, not you. You’ll just go easy on him. What we need right now is to gain accurate information.
I grit my teeth and nod.
This is necessary testing.
Did you put lube on? Good, because I’m not about to get wet for the boy. Okay, then...
She pulls my dick down towards my butt.
Then...
Time to continue the test.
She inserts my cock inside her without resistance.
Hahaha! Your body is flexible, but it looks like your dick is too. Just look at the angle I can bend it at!
I don’t know if it’s because of the awkward angle, but it hurts around the root of my shaft.
You bitch! You’re way worse than any yakuza!
Police and correctional officers are basically the yakuza for the government. Besides, the boy doesn’t seem to mind.
It’s because it still feels incredibly good despite what she’s doing to me.
Hah... Hah...
I may be wearing a condom, but I’m already sweating from the pleasure.
Does it feel that good, boy?
It’s a pleasure akin to orgasm that is stronger than when she was giving me a handjob.
Still.
It doesn’t... feel good...
What?
Yes, my body... hah... feels good...
But not my heart...
I’ve only felt it pleasurable... when it was with the Chief...
......
Heh, that’s rich considering how much you’re moaning. Then you won’t mind if I ramp up the speed, will you?
She suddenly slams her hips down onto me.
Ahhhhhh!
Well, well. Even that beautiful conviction of yours is nothing in the face of primal pleasure! Endub-furifiri.
Nghhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Again.
My brain feels like it’s melting.
It’s nice how quickly you ejaculate with the keyword. I can see why Julia would want to reprogram everyone with these!
I feel myself turning into some inorganic or insect-like being.
There is a fear that my body and mind are gradually separating.
Hahaha! Good! That look of pain! What if I speed up even more?!
Suddenly, the sensation I feel from my dick changes.
The faint feeling has transformed into something sharp.
......!
What am I?
Why am I here?
Cum already! Don’t make me work for it, you dog! I told you where the toilet was! You get to do it in that tiny piece of rubber!
Why am I having sex?
Why am I alive?
Tremble like a puppy! That’s right! I get to decide when you climax and when you die! Entrust everything to me and let me control you! Potowoopie!
Of course.
......!
It’s because I was born into this world.
Ah! Hah! Don’t show me that face! Does it hurt? Or does it feel good? Yes! How very nice! Hahaha!
I exist here because I was born.
Now climax! Climax, climax, climax!
Carrying on the cycle is our life’s mission.
Climax! Arameolapif!
That’s why I prepare to say.
Get pregnant, piiiiiifff!
In that moment, it’s as if everything around me disappears.
Ngh...
Like I’ve separated from this world and am floating in a blank space.
That is just how intense the pleasure is.
......!
While I’m ejaculating, I wander through this strange space.
Hey, Minato! Minato!
And it’s the Chief’s voice that brings me back.
Are you okay? Do you know who I am?!
Hah... I do... Chief...
My hazy thoughts are now clear.
I don’t think the brainwashing was completed.
I’m okay... I’m okay...
Hah, hah... Thank goodness! Thank goodness...
The Chief is visibly relieved.
Haaaaah... Haaaaaah...
I haven’t been able to stabilize my breathing yet.
Ngh... If you’re going to ejaculate, you need to ask for permission first...
Captain Yugao watches us with a look of annoyance.
With that amount of cum, you could’ve broken the condom. What if I got pregnant from it?
Haa... haa...
Still, that was quite the big reaction. I can’t believe I could tell you were cumming. Did it feel that good, boy?
She slowly pulls my cock out of her.
Hngh... Ugh, it smells like cum. How unpleasant. Can you take it off for him, Natsumi? You should be used to it.
Affirmative. I’m sorry if I pull some of your hair.
She removes the condom from my head and shaft and places it on top of me.
The condom has ballooned immensely, having taken an unbelievable amount of cum.
Well, thank goodness for the wonders of modern technology. I would’ve killed you if you impregnated me.
Um, Ms. Hazuki... Look.
Huh?
A thick liquid oozes out of Captain Yugao’s vagina.
It is my semen.
......
......
Apparently the condom wasn’t applied properly.
It seems to have broken when I entered that altered state.
You’ve done it now... How dare you cum inside me, you dog—
Hah, I am terribly sorry...
I don’t think I’m at fault here, but I apologize anyway.
Last month was the 13th... and my next period should be... Tch, it’s a bit dangerous...
Captain Yugao clicks her tongue as she’s muttering under her breath.
Natsumi, go take responsibility and bring me a morning-after pill from the medical ward. Right now.
You were the one who put the condom on him...
Don’t back-talk me.
I think you can get off of him now. How long are you going to stay that way?
She finally gets off of me, looking extremely displeased.
(END)
It goes without saying that my body hurts after being ridden for a long period of time.
Haa... The brainwashing failed again. But at the very least, we were able to take away control to a certain extent. People can’t move if you drown them with enough sexual pleasure.
She wipes her vaginal opening with disgust and throws away the tissue paper.
At least, her first prediction was right.
People conditioned with the keywords lose control when the designated keys, i.e. religious terms, are used.
The closer I was to ejaculating, the less I was able to think.
Yes, if one orgasmed in that state, the brainwashing would be complete. Something like that.
It felt as if someone took away my brain, or as if my brain was connected to some different organ.
That’s what happens to the people who are brainwashed.
I guess the difference between me and Minato is the extent of the programming.
I suppose so. It’s a rational method. As the followers use the terms amongst themselves, they strengthen the brainwashing, getting pulled deeper and deeper without her lifting a finger.
It’s hard to believe she’s some unreasonable psychopath when her methods are this efficient.
But for some reason, we weren’t able to execute a complete brainwashing on our own. Is there some reason it has to be Julia? I can’t imagine it’s an issue of sexual position...
Given how much success we had, what we’re overlooking is likely an environmental factor.
Was there not enough pleasure... or could it have something to do with the facility?
There was something there.
Something we didn’t notice.
I pray that we find something from your drawing... Princess?
......
The Chief is facing the canvas again today.
......
Each time she draws a line, she rips up the paper.
It’s no use... why does this keep happening? Something doesn’t feel right... I don’t know what it is...
She holds her right hand as she speaks in anguish.
What do you mean?
I can’t make up my mind whether what I’m drawing is right at all. Or if I’m drawing something I actually saw...
I can’t even tell what’s wrong... What do I do?
Even still, the Chief continues to face the canvas.
After everything you’ve put your body through...
But she’s unable to really lift her pen.
What am I doing...?
This might be the first time I’ve heard the Chief sound so weak.
She suddenly catches herself and shows a smile.
Well, this is nothing. I’ve overcome worse in the real world. I mean, when I had a rocket launcher pointed at me in Kita-Kyushu—
Her smile seems desperately forced.
And so I tell her.
Actually, there’s this new problem.
For a moment, a look of worry comes over her face.
What is it? You should always bring that stuff to me. Or were you worried about me?
But the Chief is soon back to her old self.
It’s the parent’s job to take care of the child’s problem. Go on, you can tell me anything.
I fell in love with you.
Huh...?
I love you.
The Chief is at a loss for words.
She uses the silence to fully comprehend what I’m saying.
The hell did you say?
That I love you.
This isn’t the time for jokes.
I’m serious.
Then that’s worse.
But I really love you.
Don’t. This isn’t the time!
Do you want me to show you how much?
I said don’t!
I love you so much I want to kiss you really bad.
You’re seriously—!
I love you!
Come ’ere!
The Chief pulls me by the hand.
Chief?
Just follow me!
But if we hold hands like this—
Hey! What the hell are you doing?! What if you got pregnant here?!
Move!|Eep!
Hah... Holy hell... I thought she was gonna kill me... That was Number 0019, wasn’t it? I’ve never seen that face on her before...
Such a primal, female look.
She takes me into a storeroom.
There is nobody here, and nobody will be coming.
Mm...!
Why did you bring me here, Chief?
She steals a kiss.
Hah... Hah...!
That really surprised me.
Then I’ll do it again... Mm...!
She kisses me intensely again.
You wanted to kiss me so badly, didn’t you? Are you satisfied?
Yes.
Well, I haven’t had enough yet. Mmmmmmmm!
She gives me a lot of kisses.
Mm!
The Chief throws herself at me.
She is clearly acting differently from her usual self.
Do you mind if I vent...?
Go ahead.
I might not be your ideal Taeka Hatae, your idol anymore. I might betray your heart.
Her voice is quivering.
It’s okay.
Will you hear what Taeka Hatae—the woman, not the Hatae Clan chief—has to say?
Of course.
The Chief seems smaller buried in my chest.
I’ve worked hard to live up to being the leader of the Hatae Clan.
It almost seems like a joke that someone this small could hold up an entire crime family.
I decided to take over the leadership to avoid civil war and to protect our family members... I ended the conflict... I even unified Kyushu... I did everything I could...
Having nobody to depend on, she became the matriarch of a crime family at a young age.
I was wondering that whole time... what if I can’t do it?
People’s lives are at stake. A decision I make could get one of my men killed...
Haha, that’s right... I’m not cut out to be a matriarch... I’m not the kind of person who belongs at the top...
Her manner of speaking seems different from usual.
I would’ve been happy living a normal life drawing every day.
She is telling me...
...that she’s more suited for a normal, ordinary life.
But I was still able to continue this long... because I had allies... and a family...
They supported me, keeping the ground under me stable... and I managed to act like the matriarch somehow...
But she pushed herself to continue.
Continued to play the part of the Chief.
But I lost my family here... Old ones, new ones, they all disappeared because I didn’t have the power to keep them safe...
However, she has her limits.
I couldn’t go on if I lost you...
I couldn’t keep up being the matriarch...
She’s just been skating on thin ice.
I wonder what would happen to me if I ever lost you, Minato?
An unstable environment where the ground could give way from underneath her at any moment.
I’ve been scared of that for so long... Ever since you infiltrated that gathering...
The only thing that’s kept her from quitting was her sense of duty.
That’s the real me. Not the matriarch, but the real Taeka Hatae...
She’s just been playing the part of the “always cool and dependable chief.”
I’m sorry I’m not cool at all...
Because that’s who everyone wants her to be.
I’m sorry I couldn’t live up to your ideals...
Because that’s who Shuichiro Minato wanted.
Why are you apologizing?
If that’s the case, I’m partly responsible.
All you did was try your best to live up to everyone’s expectations.
We never should have made her carry that alone.
In that case...
Now it’s everyone’s turn to grant you your wish.
I want to carry part of her burden.
To share the load.
Tell me what Taeka Hatae wants, not as the matriarch, but as the woman.
That’s the one thing I can do for her.
......!
She looks at me.
Then... could you call me by my name?
Taeka.
......!
Her body trembles.
And also...
She speaks while biting her lip.
That first thing... was my answer.
I immediately understand what she means.
Is that okay?
Of course.
I press my mouth to her lips.
I feel a sense of euphoria bubble up from inside me, something that is on a completely different level from when I was on the drugs.
Mm, mwah... Mm...
Even if a guard walks in on us, I will never let my lips go.
That’s because, right now, I’m her number one in the world.
Hehe...
She smiles after slowly pulling her lips back.
Now you’re my idol too... Shuichiro.
And so I became my idol’s idol.
(END)
From then on, everything ramped up quickly.
Are these the mines he’s said to be in...?
We’re trying to recruit from the guards now, too, in addition to the inmates.
(No way he’s a man-whore... He was my prince...)
I can’t believe Exhibitiman would do that... It’s a deplorable situation.
An incredible Chad is loophole-banging inmates into sexual bliss.
The rumors have reached the guards.
(Hah... Hah...! I have to give him a big scolding!)
If that’s the case, I’m going to have to correct this behavior!
Looks like your lymph flow here needs work.
(Whoaaaaaaaaaa!)
Whooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
I sexually satisfy every guard who approaches me with interest.
Unlike the inmates, the guards prove to be more difficult, as there’s no information on their sexual proclivities.
However, I |do| know an information broker.
Here’s a million.
......
Do you want another million?
I hate watching children grow up...
I’m flush with cash, so information is easy to come by.
And one day, I hear a rumor that a particular guard is interested in anal sex.
Anal... you mean the rectum?! That’s not where you’re supposed to stick a dick!
Even after all the studying she’s done, that’s something she has no experience with.
Does it even feel good? It’s an excretory organ. Why would you do that when you have such a convenient opening in the front...?
I think it’s about the sense of conquest.
I mean, can it even fit in the first place? I’ve never even played with it before...
The butthole is unfamiliar territory to me as well.
It wasn’t part of the ancient bedroom arts?
Nobody training to be a wife is going to work on her butthole!
Really, I think to myself.
Don’t you just put a stick in it?
Are you being serious?
I brought some enema cleanser as well.
You just won’t stop...
I got it from Dr. Higuchi.
That much...?
I’ve become so scared of soiling myself, now I’m constipated.
Let’s give it a try.
You seem pretty eager.
I’m very interested.
It’ll be a good experience!
You think so?
The butt...?
She seems a bit scared.
Let’s try it, Taeka! I know you can do it!
Good grief, if the man I fell for is insisting, I suppose I don’t have a choice.
But she always accepts me with a smile.
Don’t hurt me, okay?
Although, she does still seem worried.
I’m back...
Welcome back.
Did a lot come out?
Idiot.
She hits me pretty hard.
Anyway, I suppose I should be ready... Not that I know for sure.
Okay, let’s get started then!
Why are you so eager...?
Taeka gets on all fours and lifts her butt towards me.
......
......
It’s a really nice view...
That’s good to hear. So... what do we do now?
First, I’m going to expand your anus.
Expand...
You can leave it to me. I’ve already tested it on myself...
When it comes to anal... I’ve surpassed you.
Not sure you should be that proud about that... Anyway, that’s a relief to hear.
The key to expanding the anus is your fighting spirit.
Okay, now I’m back to being worried.
I pretty much powered through myself.
There was some resistance at first when I inserted an electric massager, but you get used to it pretty quickly.
I see... is that how it is?
I think so.
But the worry still remains on Taeka’s face.
Are you really that scared?
No, I wouldn’t say scared... Just confused?
You were pretty unreserved when it came to having sex your first time.
I mean, I was just doing that to teach you the bedroom arts...
I’d kinda figured the day would come when we would do something like that... so I was mentally pretty well prepared.
But you never imagined the day would come when we’d have anal sex?
Of course not... No yakuza is gonna imagine herself getting fucked in the ass.
Yeah, I suppose that’d be a real pain in the patootie.
You know, sometimes I feel like I want to kill you.
The line between love and hate... is a thin one.
I mean, I don’t seriously feel that way... If it’s something you want to do, then I want to do it for you. I suppose these feelings are a weakness.
Well, I’m about to make you weak in the knees.
Maybe I will just kill you.
Please don’t.
I know I’m about the only one who can say these things to the Hatae Clan matriarch and get away with it.
The big boss of Kyushu is pointing her butt towards me, waiting for me to insert my dick.
That’s a big deal.
Your butt is very beautiful.
Thanks...
Your butthole is tight and cute as well.
Stop looking there...
But that’s where I’m going to put my penis.
Yeah, but... that’s neither here nor there.
Her butt fidgets to the left and right.
Maybe she’s feeling embarrassed, but her butthole begins to twitch as well.
If I drop my gaze a little bit, I can see her soft pink slit.
Her sacred place I am always inserting myself into.
The place I stole her first time.
Just looking at it makes my groin bulge, but that’s not today’s target.
Today’s target is Taeka’s anal virginity—a blind spot in her study of the ancient bedroom arts.
Taeka.
What?
Can I smell it?
If you want to die.
I bring my nose close to her butthole.
Hey!
She smacks me in the face with her butt.
Ow.
You were seriously about to smell it, weren’t you?! I told you I was gonna kill you! Didn’t I?!
I figured I was willing to die to smell your butthole.
What kind of statement is that?!
A dying wish.
Well, you can fuck right off!
I love hearing Taeka yell, I think to myself.
Why won’t you let me smell you?
Because it’s gross. I mean, I did my best to clean it. But I can’t exactly smell it myself to check...
I thought taking the good with the bad was the yakuza way.
What kind of yakuza code are you trying to follow?
You’ll bring shame to the Hatae name.
You’re the one doing that!
It seems that she’s not going to let me smell her butthole.
I just wanted to know if my idol’s butthole smelled good or not.
But I probably shouldn’t if she’s this against it.
I don’t want to be one of those creeps who ignore their idol’s warnings and continue to harass them.
If you’re just going to tease me, we can just stop right now.
I didn’t mean to.
But I’m sorry if it seemed that way. I sincerely apologize.
I mean, it’s fine. I know you wouldn’t tease me like that.
That’s good.
Then shall we get this anal sex underway?
Sure...
I bend my knees a bit and aim my erection towards her peach butt.
Oh, you’re already hard. We were just shooting the shit.
It’s been hard this whole time because I’ve been imagining having anal sex with you.
Besides, it felt really dirty having a normal conversation with you while you were sticking your naked butt at me.
Good grief. It’s a lot of work when your idol’s a sicko.
So, what happens next?
I’m sure you’re still a little worried, so I’ll start by rubbing my penis against your butthole so you get used to the sensation.
Oh, that’s nice of you.
I learned from the best.
I sandwich my dick between her butt cheeks and move my hips back and forth to rub my head and underside against her hole.
Mm, haaa... Mm...
How is it?
It’s no problem... But just thinking that you’re about to put that thing inside my butt... it’s hard to stay calm.
Let’s get you used to it some more.
Oh... Thanks.
I continue rubbing my penis against her butt.
Taeka’s healthy, well-toned butt is also plenty soft.
To be honest, just doing this feels good enough.
You could call it a buttjob.
Hah... Mm... mm... haa...
She’s not exactly moaning. More like breathing loudly.
It’s not bad at all.
Honestly, I’ve been dealing with so many sexually frustrated women recently that I’ve gotten a little tired of all their moaning. I’m actually finding this level of vocalization a lot hotter.
Haa... Mm, hah... ah... mm, ngh...
Some wet sounds get mixed in with the butt rubbing.
The precum drips out of my tip to lubricate her butt crack, making it more slippery.
I press the head against her tight butthole to wet it with my precum.
Mm?! Oh... You’re getting it wet with your precum... You startled me.
Did you think I was going to put it in?
A little...
Taeka is being a little timid today.
She’s always cute, but this is a different kind of cuteness.
Hah... Mm... haa... Ngh... Ah...
I want to put it in already, but this isn’t enough precum.
I pull my hips back and drop my gaze down below her butthole to her slit.
You’re wet.
Mm... I mean, yeah... after you rubbed me that much...
Poon juice.
What are you on about now—ngh!
I touch my head up to her pussy, and Taeka’s whole body flinches.
Shuichiro? I thought we were doing it in the butt today.
Yeah, that’s why I’m taking some of your love juices.
I rub my head and underside against her pussy, making it nice and slippery with her love juices.
I see. That’s what you’re doing... Haa, mm...
The more I rub my penis against it, the more love juices come out.
Thank me for making it come out on purpose.
Thank you for producing so much poon juice.
......
Her voice sounds quite dissatisfied, but the hot liquid dripping down her thighs is evidence to the contrary.
My cock is already quite slippery, as if it’s been covered in lotion.
This could work...
I hold my shaft in my hand and rub my head against her butthole.
Ah... A-Are you going to put it in?
Yeah. Little by little.
......
Make up your mind, Taeka Hatae... You’re the big boss of Kyushu. Nobody’s gonna respect you if you’re scared of getting a dick in the ass!
As I push my head into her anus, she lets out a loud noise.
Hey! I was in the middle of talking!
I figured it was okay since I said I was going to put it in...
You did, but...! Ngh, rrr... Is it already in...?
Only the tip.
I-I see...
Once the head’s in, the rest should be easy, but her butthole is so tight, it’s rejecting any further penetration.
Taeka... It won’t go in if you tighten it so much.
Ngh... You say that, but... this is the body’s natural response!
I mean... my tip hurts.
Look, I feel bad, but...! Hah! It tightens up when it feels like something is being put inside the butt!
I get it. I was the same at first too.
Ngh... Yeah...? Then what do I do about this?
Just push through it.
I’m... hah... already doing that!
I mean, you got to really clench.
Huh?
If you clench up your ab muscles, your butthole will open.
Huh? Wait, that’s basically...
No, I can’t. I can’t do that.
It’s super easy if you just act like you’re pooping.
Can’t you see that I don’t want to do that, you dumbass?!
I’m not sure what I’m supposed to do when you yell at me with my penis in your butt.
I hate that you have a point... Ngh, fuh...!
So what if I, you know... I mean, I cleaned it, but what if I push and... it happens.
If you cleaned it out, you should be fine. And even if it happens, I can still go with it.
You’d better fucking not...
I’m at a loss here. I can’t have anal sex like this, and most of all, the head of my penis hurts.
I could probably force it in, but I don’t think that’s good for the butt.
I see...
......
......
......
Rrrrrrrr... Okay, this is the only time!
You’re going to clench?!
I told you I would! A great leader doesn’t go back on their word!
I mean, this is embarrassing, but I’ll be bringing shame to the Hatae name if I don’t see this through!
Seems pretty overblown considering she just needs to clench a bit, I think to myself.
Ready, Shuichiro? I’m gonna do it. I mean it. I’m gonna do it.
Hurry.
Haaaa...
The Chief lets out a deep breath.
Haa...! Mm, ngh!
Her tight butthole begins to open up like a blossom.
I can work with this. I can push my member in.
My head begins to make its way through her hole until it buries deeper.
Ngh?! Ngh, mm... ngh...?!
Taeka groans.
But if I miss this opportunity, there won’t be a next.
I thrust my hips forward, pushing my dick even deeper.
The entrance is tight, but past that, a mucousy membrane awaits me.
During insertion in the vagina, there is a sensation that the whole shaft is being gripped tightly, but the butt is different.
There is a slimy sensation, but there is more leeway in the space inside, and the only constricting sensation is around the rectum.
Hah, ngh... H-Hold on... Time out!
By the time she says this, my penis is already almost buried all the way in, and Taeka’s butt is close enough to be touching my pelvis.
What’s wrong?
Ngh, hah... It’s like...
You know, it feels like... that...
Right. I totally understand that it feels like you’re pooping when you have something inserted in the anus.
Shuichiro, where’s your sense of delicacy?
So then... this isn’t an issue?
Yeah. For example, like this.
I gently back up, pulling my penis out.
Ngh! Oh, oh, oh?!
If I pull my penis out a little, that’s what it feels like.
Hah, hah... I see... I feel like I’m being humiliated...
Can I put it in deep again?
Yeah, bring it on...!
Ngh, hah, ngh... Oh, oh...!
It’s in.
Is that so? Well, I’m having a hard time getting used to this. I’m making weird sounds...
But I think you’ve gotten pretty familiar with my penis.
Haa... haa... Does it happen that quick?
Once you put it in pretty deep, it’ll adjust pretty well.
I see... The human body is amazing.
Can I start thrusting?
You don’t hold back, do you?
D-Don’t go too hard.
I’ll do my best.
The lubrication situation is stellar between her love juices, my precum, and her membranes.
I slowly pull back my hips.
Then I start my thrusting.
Hah... Ngh, mm, ngh... Rrr... Ah...!
Heh, hah...! Ngh, hah... Oh, ah...! Ngh, it feels so weird... Ngh!
Taeka twists her body, unable to hide her resistance to anal sex.
Mm, hah...!
Meanwhile, I soon become captivated by it.
I couldn’t tell when I first put it in, but when I start moving my hips, it’s apparent how different it is from the vagina.
The vagina will wrap around my entire cock, but the anus only constricts me around the small circle.
The tightness is incredibly strong.
The moment my head passes through the anus when I pull my hips back, it feels an incredible sensation.
An indescribable pleasure.
Ah, gah... Ngh... How is it... for you? Does it feel good...?
I shake my head.
It’s so amazing!
It’s beyond feeling good.
Every time I put it in and out, I feel like I’m going to break.
But I can’t stop thrusting.
Her tight butthole stimulates my rod.
The pleasure is almost terrifying.
How is it... for you?! Are you getting used to it?!
Ngh, ngh... I mean, I’m getting used to the sensation... haa, ngh...!
But if you’re asking me if it feels good... then... hah... I don’t know!
This is really good for me! It’s like your ass pussy is biting down and won’t let go... I can’t stop thrusting!
The logic I learned from Taeka about satisfying your partner sexually.
By expressing your own excitement, you spur on your partner, leading both of you to drown in pleasure.
I want you to tell me how it feels for you too.
Hah... W-When you put it in my ass... it hurts...
It hurts... but when you pull it out... it feels liberating... I think... Ngh...
Taeka hasn’t gotten over it yet.
I can tell from the way she’s talking about it.
Nothing can be pleasurable if you can’t get into it.
And it’s my job to get her in that space.
I’m going to push it as deep in your ass as I can for a second, Taeka!
Ngh!
Ngh... My dick is really in there...!
How is that, Taeka? How does your ass pussy feel?!
Fah... M-My ass pussy is really tight, and it hurts... Your dick is making it so tight... It’s making me feel like I need to take a shit...!
Isn’t there anything else? I’m sure you can’t see it, but your ass is touching my pelvis.
My whole dick is practically buried in your ass pussy!
I make my dick jump deep inside her anal cavity to drive the point home.
Ah, ngh! I-It’s tight, but... I can tell... I can tell that your dick is filling my ass up...!
She’s starting to get into it.
Spurred by her words, my dick gets hotter and harder.
I try pulling my dick out until only the head is inside.
Oh... Ohhhhh!
That was clearly a moan.
It feels good, doesn’t it?!
Oof... Ngh, yeah... I think that was pretty good...
It feels like your hard dick is scraping out my insides... like it’s clearing a blockage...
Hah... Hah... Shuichiro, can you... put it in and out of my ass pussy some more?
It’s a more innocent response than what she usually gives me.
She didn’t have to ask because I can’t hold back any longer anyway.
I want Taeka’s ass pussy so badly. The head of my dick bulges, gushing out loads of precum.
Ngh...!
Oh, gah... Hah, oh, oh!
She’s making noises she doesn’t during normal sex.
Taeka is starting to awaken to the pleasure of anal sex.
Just like me.
Ngh, mm, what is this...? How does it feel so good?
Hah, oh! I can’t believe the matriarch of the Hatae Clan is getting off from a dick in the ass!
It’s a good thing...! I bet you have the best ass pussy in the world!
You dumbass! Y-You think I’d be proud of... that?!
But I love it! I love how much you’re getting off from my dick in your ass!
Ngh... You motherfucker...! Don’t tell me that while you’re assfucking me...!
I love you, Taeka! I love you!
If you keep saying that while you’re fucking my ass... ngh, then I’m going to go crazy!
Go crazy then!
I’m starting to lose it myself.
My breathing becomes rough, and my consciousness gets hazy.
All that work training my lung capacity feels futile in the face of Taeka’s amazing asshole.
My brain is tingly and numb from this floating sensation of pleasure.
I... love you too, Shuichiro! I love you and your dick...! Ngh!
I can tell! Your ass pussy is telling me that it loves my dick too! It’s hugging me really tight!
Hah! And your dick is hard like a dumbass, saying how good my ass pussy feels!
Yeah...! Because your ass pussy is the best!
I took the virginity of your pussy and ass pussy!
Yeah, you did... Oh! What a special dick! It took the virginity of both of the Kyushu big boss’s pussies! Goh!
The Hatae matriarch is on her hands and knees, absolutely loving the assfucking I’m giving her.
There’s no way I’m not getting addicted.
Take it all! My pussy and ass pussy... and my entire body... I’ll give it all to your dick!
All of Taeka will be mine.
She’s telling me I can have it all.
The thought alone causes a jolt of electricity to shoot down my spine.
Oh, oh! It got even bigger! How is that even possible?! Did you get excited?
Your ass pussy is crazy too! It’s so incredibly tight!
Her ass is even tighter than her pussy.
It’s as if she’s trying to extract everything stored inside my shaft.
The hot cum filling my balls pushes upwards.
I’m about to explode with your favorite dick juice!
Oh! Your balls are ready...? Good, give it to me! Give me your dick juice!
Can I cum inside your ass pussy?!
Yes! Mm! You want to blow your dick juice inside my ass pussy, don’t you? Yakuza do what they want! Cum in my ass if that’s what you want!
Cumming in your ass is the yakuza code...!
After so many misunderstandings, I finally comprehend what |ninkyo-do| is.
In any case, I feel a huge orgasm coming on.
Taeka, I’m really...!
Me too! My ass pussy feels so strange! Every time you stick it in my ass, my whole body feels electric!
Are you going to cum?! You’re going to cum from the first time getting fucked in your ass pussy?! My dick is going to make you cum?!
A-Am I?! It’s different from when I cum from my pussy, so I’m not sure... Gh!
You’re definitely going to cum!
I-I’m going to cum? I’m going to cum from getting fucked in the ass... Oh...!
Ah, ah, it’s coming! Every time your head scrapes back, my whole ass pussy tingles... Ah, ah, I’m going to cum from my ass!
We get swallowed by pleasure.
My vision goes white.
My entire focus is on my penis.
Give me your dick juice! Blow your thick dick juice inside my ass pussy! Oh, oh, ohhhhh!
Oh! I’m cumming! This dick I love is making me cum! I’m going to cum from my ass pussy! Yes, yes, yes!
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Oh, oh! Your dick juice came out... It’s spurting inside my ass pussy... Oh, fuck...
Wow... I didn’t know how clearly you can tell when someone cums inside your ass pussy...
It’s the longest orgasm in my life.
Her anus relaxes and contracts over and over, each time causing my penis to pump more semen inside her.
Her ass is draining me of every last drop.
Until I’m bone dry.
Hah... Hah... Hah!
When I finally finish cumming, I’m overwhelmed by incredible exhaustion.
Oh, hah... That was so much dick juice... Did my ass pussy really feel that good?
It was... way too good...
My dick is still trembling inside Taeka’s ass.
Oh, oh...
When I back up to pull it out, she lets out a moan.
Mm, ngh... T-This sensation... I don’t like...
......
So do you want to make this the last time we have anal sex?
I didn’t say that. If you want to do it again... then I will.
It’s cute how unusually reserved she’s being.
Then let’s do it again. Nobody wants to live a life full of regrets, right?
I doubt anyone is wishing they had anal sex when they’re on their deathbed...
And so I experienced anal sex for the first time.
(END)
And so I used my newly gained knowledge to pleasure the guards.
I’m going to astral project!
As I gain experience with sexually gratifying people, I begin to get the hang of it.
Ohhhhhhh myyyyyyy gaaaaaaaaaaaaawd!
There isn’t a person on earth I can’t get to climax, I think to myself.
You don’t have enough muscles... You need to keep weight lifting.
And when I have the time, I’m continuing my physical training.
Hah... Ngh!
Muscles never betray you... Anyway, keep up with the weight training.
I am physically at my limit, but we have a goal.
Haaaaaaaaaaah!|Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Just weight-train. That’s all there is to do.
I feel like I can endure any kind of suffering for her.
It’s been a few days since I started getting the guards on our side.
Taeka’s life has improved.
Here you go, Chief! We were short on eggs today! So I put plenty of bug eggs I found! I did this special for you, so you should thank me!
Taeka is visibly happier.
Our relationship hasn’t changed much.
If it’s so special, eat it yourself!
Huh?! Why is a guard taking Hatae’s side...? Gah! Stop! I don’t want to eat the eggs of some bug—glp! Ngh, ngh... Oh, it’s actually not so, bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeech!
Outside our sessions, Taeka is her usual self, the dignified leader of the Hatae Clan.
And when she’s tired, I’m there for her.
Mm...
Sometimes she lays her head against me.
Let me rest my head here a while...
Of course.
I think this is the best way she knows how to show affection.
So, is there no ‘training’ today...?
......!
Whoa.
Let’s do it right now.
Like immediately.
Honestly, I’m always surprised by your vitality.
You don’t want to?
Mm... This is my answer.
......!
There are plenty of places we can be alone.
......
Why do I have to watch couples make eyes at each other all day...? I’m so sick of it...
My work is very tiring, but it’s also hard for the SST watching over us.
Always arguing who loves who more...
That sounds awful...
Makes my skin crawl...
......
Come on, keep moving your body.
They aren’t holding back their insults despite us being right here.
But I am a shinobi... the one who endures it all...
Shinobi?
She’s a descendent of a ninja clan.
Apparently, she’s a ninja.
Ninja.
......
Her face is plain and looks very young.
If you hate this so much, you could ask someone else to do it.
Such a child.
She disappeared.
That’s one of her skills.
Why can’t she just walk away like a normal person? I think to myself.
Mashiro, the one who left, she volunteered for this mission. She said it’s her job to take the thankless roles.
Why is that?
It’s probably a ninja thing...?
Apparently, they take on the thankless jobs.
She said her ancestors lived here since the days when it was first turned from a barren rock into a coal mine.
That’s why she wanted to be here too... She lives in an old house outside the prison with her dog.
But outside the prison is the ocean.
About eighty percent is surrounded by the fence, but there’s a little bit of land. It’s basically a forest with some farm fields.
Actually, I think I heard about this before.
Apparently, that guard is able to live self-sufficiently there.
But doesn’t this island belong to the state?
Yeah, it wouldn’t normally be allowed... but Captain Yugao made a lot of deals so she could live there.
That’s why she takes on all the thankless jobs.
So she’ll take on anything to repay her debt to Captain Yugao.
This is what one would call loyalty, I imagine.
And that is... ninja.
Someone that scary would really go that far for someone else? I think to myself.
People have many sides... You’ll understand too once you get to know her better.
I head to the Japanese garden again today.
I want to go see Taeka paint.
Taeka.
She is standing in front of the entrance hidden by grass looking in.
Oh, Shuichiro... Look.
She signals me with her eyes.
There is someone squatting by the flower beds.
......
It’s Captain Yugao.
The way she squats is very distinctive.
She lays her bad foot on the ground and supports all her weight on the other.
She maintains her balance with her other hand, so she only has one hand free to work.
......
But Captain Yugao is totally focused on tilling the soil.
She is adding fertilizer, watering the plants, and pulling the weeds.
Do you want any help?
I call out to her and she clicks her tongue.
I didn’t realize it was break time already... I should’ve asked Natsumi to come.
She wipes off her sweat as she complains.
Are you growing flowers?
To be precise, I’m making a lake. The flowers are just a byproduct.
Captain Yugao is the one taking care of the beautiful garden.
This is something I’m doing on my personal time. I didn’t know it was being used as some yakuza hideout.
Captain Yugao isn’t one to talk about herself this much.
I remember Mr. Kugitani saying how she seems to curate what people know about her.
Is this your hobby?
Is that a problem?
It’s not, but I’m surprised.
I had no idea Captain Yugao had that side to her.
Maybe she’s actually a nice person.
I’ll kill you if you mess up the flowers.
But maybe not.
Any flower is beautiful at its peak... Even a homely girl looks beautiful at the peak of her youth.
Taeka pays no mind to Captain Yugao’s threat as she approaches.
May I take a flower?
Weren’t you listening? If you touch any of these flowers, I’m burying the boy.
Me...?
Today is the anniversary of my old man’s death.
......
This is the first I’m hearing of this as well.
This is the day Taeka’s father, the former chief of the Hatae Clan, died.
While she can’t be there to honor him, she can at least do it in spirit.
I can’t exactly break out of prison to go visit his grave, so I figured I would offer him a pretty flower. Is that all right?
Hmph. Do whatever you want.
Taeka quietly kneels down and prays towards the distance.
I’m sure that’s the direction in which her father’s grave is located.
So you’re somewhat familiar with flowers?
Yeah... I used to be into them.
While I don’t exactly understand, perhaps there’s something flower lovers can sense about each other.
Captain Yugao is glaring down at Taeka from behind.
You really don’t let up, huh. Even when someone’s trying to pay her respects.
Who cares about another dead yakuza? Mourning the dead is just sentimentality, totally old-fashioned.
Just because it’s old-fashioned doesn’t mean it’s bad. Sentimentality is an important thing that people shouldn’t let go of. Once you lose that, you’re just an animal.
Oh, really? Hard to think you’re the same Chief who was so dejected a few days ago. At least she was a little amusing.
Sentimentality,” Taeka said.
To me, family isn’t worth cherishing. They can die for all I care.
To me, it sounds like Captain Yugao is the one being sentimental.
I have old-fashioned values. I believe that family should be cherished.
Really, even if that family tries to kill you?
I just sit there, watching and holding my breath.
Your leg...?
Yes. Once upon a time, there was a family who had money problems, and they tried to kill their daughter in an apparent accident for the insurance money.
The girl managed to survive, but she was left with a lifelong disability. The family managed to get by when they realized the girl had rare blood they could sell. That’s all...
Captain Yugao speaks briefly and matter-of-factly.
I heard you were taking care of your family. Was that just a rumor?
Yes, I am.
I look after them like pets. Having the daughter who they tried to kill taking care of them will leave them riddled with guilt and misery.
I’m taking care of those pieces of garbage to etch it in their psyche that they can never defy me.
Captain Yugao doesn’t consider her family to even be human.
The people who tried to kill her are insects in her mind.
......
Completely different from Taeka.
I’m sure you would never understand, Princess. You were surrounded by a happy family.
Maybe. I don’t understand.
But she continues with an open heart.
There were all sorts of people in our organization. Some were abused by their parents, some were sold, and some were raised in orphanages.
Of course, there were some who didn’t have much trouble growing up and just kind of strayed from society because they sucked at life. Too many to count, really.
What I can say is, nobody strays from society because they want to; they’ve just got nowhere else to go. Those are the exact kind of people who need friends and family they can lean on.
That’s just your excuse. You’re a necessary evil.
Not really. It’d be better if we weren’t needed. If nobody were born into misfortune, and everyone could live a life without care. If only the world were such a perfect place.
But reality is different. A child can’t choose their parents. And not everyone can get along with their peers. There will always be people born into this world that are labeled by society as failures.
And I find it really sad that society would push those ‘failures’ out of the circle of humanity.
I know I might seem all self-important, being the leader of a crime family, but to any hard-working civvy I’m just another gang member who failed at life.
There’s a place for every lonesome stray. All I’m saying is that nowadays, that place is the yakuza. If there’s a decent alternative, then they can go there if they want.
It seems like she’s forming these thoughts and sorting through her feelings on the spot.
My old man paid his dues, started with nothing. That’s why he always talked to the young ones, no matter how high he rose. He saw to it that the family kept providing a place for people like him.
Taeka speaks as she gazes upon her father’s shadow beyond the ocean.
And I’m here now because I wanted to protect his dying wish.
This is at the core of Taeka Hatae’s being.
......
Captain Yugao says nothing.
That is why... I can’t forgive Agatsuma for preying on such people, using them as her toys.
This prison is a collection bin full of outcasts and failures.
The nun is brainwashing such people, making them her puppets.
I will make her pay.
The anger on Taeka’s face is plain and clear to see.
She holds her anger in as we continue our prisoner chores.
Our work is actually relaxing when you get used to it.
There is no sex today, just punching holes into solid earth.
Now that we can finally eat some decent food, I’ve been looking forward to meals for the first time in forever. It’s good to have friends among the COs.
Yeah.
It’s been a while since I’ve felt this calm.
The SST commander said that people aren’t always what they seem.
Yeah.
It seems true.
Yeah.
If I didn’t know about Captain Yugao’s past, I would’ve thought she was just a miserable miser.
But she had a painful past.
And it does seem like she treats her SST officers well.
Still, she’s a nasty bitch who uses people like pawns.
True, but I’m glad we got to learn more about her.
I really am.
I’m happy that I can trust someone who grows such beautiful flowers, I think to myself.
Ow!
Taeka shakes her hand in pain after swinging down her pickaxe.
Are you okay?
Yeah... Must be a pine rock. It’s the only thing I have trouble with.
Darlin’ Darkness will blast them for us, right?
Yeah, but it’s almost quitting time.
Is it...? Then I guess we’ll leave it for next time.
It’d be pretty nice if we could do it ourselves.
Unfff!
Don’t. You’re already tired enough.
The SST commander might be able to pick it up.
What?
She’s really strong...!
......
I mean, I could handle this if I tried, you know.
Really?
Seriously? I can’t believe how much I’m being underestimated here. Just sit there and watch.
Taeka drops her pickaxe and jacket and grabs the pine rock in her arms.
Fngh! Nghhhhhhhhhh...
Yah?!
She lets out an incredible scream.
Are you okay?
I-I’m fine... I’m the Young Hawk of Hatae!
You have this crazy look right now.
I said I’m fine! This really is nothing... but...
But?
This is your fault...
How?
I cock my head to the side, and Taeka glares at me with something stewing in her eyes.
My crotch and ass hurt...
......!
The following day.
Okay, it’s done.
Taeka finishes her picture after getting over her slump.
Good job.
Thanks. Are you going to give any compliments?
You’re really beautiful.
No, not that. Isn’t there something else?
I have no idea what to do.
So I try patting her on the head.
Is this right?
Hmm... I guess that’s fine. I was hoping for something else.
Big sorry.
Thanks.
After a beat, the Chief looks back at the illustration.
Here is the exterior and interior of the church. I drew what I could remember, but I’m pretty confident with my memory.
Construction comes with something called a building coverage ratio. Basically, it’s the percentage of the land they’re allowed to build on.
There’s also something similar called the floor area ratio, and that’s the ratio between the full floor space and the area of the land it’s built on.
You know a lot.
I’m in the yakuza. Construction is our bread and butter.
Anyway, there are government restrictions on these two values. They won’t issue permits if the BCR and the FAR aren’t below their limits. The exact conditions vary, though.
Even if Ukkon Island is the personal property of Agatsuma, as long as it’s on Japanese soil, it has an address and belongs to some city.
We move to the library.
In other words, we can look up the zonage. Found it.
She points to Ukkon Island on the big map.
This area is colored with white.
White means it doesn’t have land-use zoning restrictions. The building coverage ratio is seventy percent, and the floor area ratio is two hundred percent.
Conversely, here’s what the church’s interior was like... Where do you think the issue is?
There’s no place to put anything...
That was why it felt so off.
The fact that a facility this size only had one room.
Normally, there would be a storage area or a place like a waiting room.
Yes. I’d have to look at the property register to find out the lot size, but they should have had plenty of room for a second story. However, the ceiling was high, with no signs of a second floor.
And look at this, here, near the ground on the external view. That’s an exhaust port. There’s nothing weird about having a ventilation fan, but the position is unnatural.
You’re right. There are two more positioned higher up.
Yeah, so this one is clearly ventilating from somewhere else. That leads us to one answer.
This facility has a basement.
A basement.
The perfect place to secretly manufacture drugs.
If only we could get our eyes on it.
Yeah, and we need to find out how good my memory is.
Our progress gets us a win, too.
I’ve received permission from Captain Yugao to wander during my lunch break.
You can’t print?
I visit the general-purpose workshop for the first time in a while to find everyone busy.
Why not?
Just look! All the printers are busted! Pieces of shit!
Tallyman kicks a giant printer.
It’s hard to tell since there isn’t any apparent visible damage.
We’ve got a deadline coming up... You know, we’re the ones who are gonna get in trouble for this.
I glance over at the guards who are yelling.
Secure the site! There has to be some fingerprints left behind! Find every lead!
See?
My condolences.
Tallyman shrugs in defeat.
I doubt they’re gonna find the culprit. To be honest, it happened once in a while before you joined. Although, it’s gotten better recently...
Why is this happening?
No idea. But we all think it’s a UFO. Whenever we spot it, something breaks!
I remember hearing a rumor about a UFO.
There’s no such thing as a UFO! How stupid!
Whoever did this will pay! I’ll throw their whole family into prison! I’ll break their minds and spirits!
Okay, maybe not their whole family... I crossed the line there.
Sofurin seems very determined, but if this was really done by a UFO, then she probably won’t find the culprit.
S-So we can’t make cards anymore...?
When I tell Chisato, she sounds very sad.
I’m very sorry.
It’s okay... But it was just getting fun...
I’m happy to hear that she was having fun making the card game.
But unfortunately, that ends now.
The popularity is going to hit a wall... if there isn’t more development.
It’s very unfortunate.
It was an important source of funding, but there isn’t much we can do about it.
It’s a little painful that I won’t be able to afford Mr. Kugitani’s information fees anymore.
Number 0720, you got a second? I need to ask you a few questions.
Is it about the printers?
Yes. You’re a suspect for their destruction.
How, I think to myself.
I mean, it’s strange that we don’t even know how they were broken.
The printer was working fine until five last night. The door was locked, and they were discovered broken the following morning. It’s natural to assume someone broke in during this time.
For inmates, that would have had to be during the eight o’clock report period, and the only ones out during that time who weren’t with Dr. Higuchi were you two, summoned by Captain Yugao.
But I have no motive.
I can’t exactly admit that I’d be losing money by not being able to use the printer, though.
What’s the possibility it was done by a guard and not a prisoner?
I get what you’re trying to say, but the Sex Crimes Ward guards were all attending a regular meeting. I was also there because of my shift, so Captain Agatsuma couldn’t have done it.
She says almost reluctantly.
She did all the necessary legwork.
Maybe Sofurin is actually really good at her job. I’ll try recruiting her next time.
But we were with Captain Yugao. I believe she would testify to that.
Yeah, if nobody is lying... it could only have been done by those so-called alien invaders people say they saw yesterday afternoon.
There’s no way it was a UFO... They don’t exist...!
Sofurin leaves as she complains under her breath.
You can come out now.
Uh...
Chisato emerges from somewhere.
You’re really good at hiding.
I’m used to it.
Whenever anyone comes around, she disappears without a sound.
Why do you hide?
......
B-Because it’s not good to be seen with anyone...
When I ask her, she answers while looking down like always.
Are you shy?
Veritably.
Apparently, she has her reasons.
I like Chisato, but I’m not really interested in getting to know her more.
O-O-Okay, then I guess you don’t need me anymore...
We might be taking a break from making cards, but you still have other work to do.
What’s important is the things we can do now. That’s all.
(END)
They don’t have enough evidence to pin the printer incident on you, so that should be fine. They won’t be throwing you into solitary.
She says nonchalantly in the torture chamber at night.
So you’re saying Agatsuma cooked this up to pin it on Shuichiro and me?
It’s very likely. I mean, you |have| been breaking the rules, after all.
But how did she do it?
No idea. Maybe she called up a UFO.
Captain Yugao recrosses her legs.
You found something out about ‘H,’ didn’t you? Spill it.
We explain the picture to her.
That there is likely a basement where the drugs are being manufactured.
As we finish, she narrows her eyes with interest.
While you do lack the evidence... a basement doesn’t seem that unlikely. Even if there aren’t any drugs there, there’s a good chance we’ll find clues to the brainwashing.
The issue is how we’ll be able to infiltrate the basement.
We’ve already fallen for so much misdirection.
We’ll need to secure some real evidence this time, or our future will be bleak.
All the residents there are with Agatsuma. We’ll probably get caught as soon as we pull into the port.
What if you swam there?
Not possible with those currents.
.........
I can tell she’s totally incredulous behind that mask.
It’s impossible.
I could do it...
Infiltration is a risky move.
Is there any way we can discover what’s happening there?
There’s an easy way you can infiltrate it.
Captain Yugao has a wry smile.
How?
Just make someone not human do it.
It’s almost nine o’clock.
Time to return to our cells.
Mashiro won’t be able to keep watch tonight... keep your eyes peeled.
I should be fine. I’m just going to bed.
I bow my head as we leave the torture chamber.
Good grief... Agatsuma sure loves her schemes.
Taeka shrugs as we walk back towards our cells.
Was she trying to pin it on me to throw me in solitary?
If that’s the case, it was a pretty rough plan. There wasn’t enough evidence. We’d probably have been fine even without Captain Yugao’s backing.
Taeka thinks Agatsuma has more in store for us.
Still, she’s gotten the best of us several times now. It might be pointless trying to read her thoughts, just like Yugao said.
.........
Maybe she’s actually feeling pressured.
You mean Agatsuma?
You say that she’s gotten the best of us, but we witnessed their Sabbath firsthand on Ukkon Island and got away from her.
If you think about it, that was probably a huge blunder for her.
Yeah, you might be right... And afterwards, she couldn’t even punish us because of Yugao.
If she really is feeling pressured... is it because we saw the church on the island?
If that’s the case, then there’s a high possibility that there’s some sort of secret there.
Taeka nods, saying that us figuring out there’s a basement could be a critical blow for Agatsuma.
There’s a chance we made a discovery that she desperately didn’t want us to.
While it’s still far from certain, my guess that she’s feeling pressured seems like it might be on the money.
In that case... we really can’t fuck up this time.
Yeah. It’s time we show them what we’re made of.
Well, well, well.
Someone interjects as we reach the inspection room connected to our cells.
What are you doing at this hour?
Hanamaru.
A face I haven’t seen in a while.
Two inmates alone! And a man and woman at that! This has to be against regulations!
Were you guys doing a loophole bang or something?
No.
What we do is real, romantic banging.
You in any position to say shit to anyone? A lone prisoner out at this time of night?
Well, I’m a pure and honest person. I’m just out because I’m on night duty. I came to get a doctor because we had someone suddenly fall ill.
Well, we just got summoned ourselves. You can ask Captain Yugao yourself.
Really?
Hanamaru looks over at the direction we came from.
Did she call you over to the mines or something?
Something like that.
I agree with Taeka. It’s best to keep quiet about the torture chamber.
Hmm. Well, I happened to hear that Captain Yugao doesn’t like dark places.
Don’t you need to go get the doctor already?
Who cares.
She’s the worst.
Well, I’d be stupid not to take advantage and have some fun when I’ve been allowed to go out on official business at this time of night.
Yeah, but if your sick person dies, they’re gonna haunt you.
Pff. What is that? That’s so stupid. If that’s the case, I would’ve been haunted to death years ago.
It’s troublesome that she’s self-aware.
If you’re just shooting the shit while someone’s lying there sick, then we’re gonna have some problems.
The Chief cracks her knuckles and Hanamaru turns pale.
W-What are you doing?! No to violence! I’m going to go get the doctor!
Good.
Whatever, fine! I’ll go already! See ya later, baby!
That’s not the direction of the medical ward.
Tch...
I don’t trust her... Sorry, Shuichiro. I’m going to take her to the medical ward.
What?!
Have fun.
Hey, hold on! Let go of me, you yakuza! Let go! Shit, you’re strong! I’m sorry! Please show mercy to criminal trash like me!
Taeka looks so cool as she drags Hanamaru away.
You’re the best idol.
She looks so gallant that I keep staring until she disappears into the distance.
Just then...
Ngh...
My vision suddenly turns white.
It’s so sudden, I close my eyes tightly out of reflex.
It’s bright.
And it’s not a regular brightness.
It’s incredibly bright.
Huh? You’re...
I only hear voices.
You’re still here?
Familiar voices.
It’s...
Captain Yugao...?
What are you still doing here? Get back to the Obscenity Ward.
It is indeed Captain Yugao.
She’s blasting me with some sort of light.
Which way is the inspection room?
How do you not know that? Just look and see for yourself.
It’s too bright to see anything.
I see.
Could you dim the light a bit?
No. Why do I have to listen to what a prisoner has to say?
......
There’s no way she’ll even point it in a different direction if I ask.
I walk sideways with my eyes closed, trying to get away from the light.
......
I successfully manage to get away from the light.
Still, I feel blinded, and my vision isn’t returning.
......
It finally comes back.
I look towards Captain Yugao again.
Commander Ohtabe is carrying Captain Yugao in her arms.
......
......
......
Why?
Why what?
Maybe it’s best I don’t ask.
I typically don’t pay it much mind, but Captain Yugao has a bad leg.
Perhaps the daily stress on it is more than I imagined.
Still.
That’s a powerful flashlight.
Commander Ohtabe is skillfully lighting the way while carrying the captain.
That one flashlight is so powerful, you would almost forget it’s nighttime.
Of course. It was specially ordered.
I thought I was going to lose my eyes.
It’s your fault for standing in front of it.
Maybe you should dim it a little.
No way. It would be too dark then.
......
Go, Natsumi. I think it’s going to rain soon.
Copy that. I will start walking.
Commander Ohtabe slowly begins to walk forward.
Always making sure the light is pointing forward to where they’re going.
You really do hate the darkness.
......
She glares at me.
Why do you know that?
I just heard it a few minutes ago.
From who?
Rin Hanamaru.
Who’s that?
She wasn’t even on her radar.
Tch...
She clicks her tongue deliberately loud enough for me to hear.
She seems upset to have her fear of darkness known.
You wouldn’t understand since you like exposing yourself in the dark.
I don’t at all.
I bet you’ve never lived somewhere where there was no electricity. Somewhere where you didn’t even know what was around you.
Or when and where someone might hit you. That’s the kind of place my home was.
......
I heard she was poor, but it was way worse than I imagined.
I’ve been locked up in the dark during solitary, but that was punishment.
It’s completely different from being in a constant state of terror at home, a place that should be full of comfort and love.
I had such wonderful parents... I mean, can you believe they tried to run over their daughter who was afraid of the dark on a pitch-black street?
Yugao speaks as she rubs her thin, right leg.
Thanks to that, she developed a massive case of nyctophobia. She can’t even fall asleep without a light, let alone walk around outside at night.
Her condition is understandable.
She had a traumatizing childhood where her parents ultimately tried to kill her. Nobody could survive that without some severe baggage.
I am honestly impressed that someone like her was able to rise up to the rank of captain.
I think you are very admirable.
Stop. I didn’t share my awful past for flattery.
I think I’m getting a faint picture of who Captain Yugao is.
I can see why she has such disdain for prisoners.
Despite the awful environment she grew up in, she managed to come this far without falling into crime.
This could also be why she’s so contentious with Taeka.
Okay, that’s enough story time. I meant to go back right away.
Just try to share this with anyone. I’ll skin you alive.
I won’t. I promise.
This is a fatal vulnerability to Captain Yugao.
Natsumi.
Yes, ma’am.
Commander Ohtabe resumes forward.
......
Captain Yugao is afraid of the dark.
I don’t find it surprising.
Even the strong-willed and bold Taeka is terrified of losing her family.
I’m sure everyone has something.
From the cockiest prisoner to the dumbest of guards, everyone has some kind of weakness or fear.
That’s why Taeka is trying to protect a place for the people who need the support.
And so, I renew my resolve.
I want to help her, I think to myself.
I finally arrive back to my cell.
Welcome back, dear Minato. You’re late.
The nun is lying on my bed.
I’m completely caught off guard.
What’s with the long face? You’ll miss out on your lucky chance! Chin up! Yeah!
She shifts her body like a lazy cat as she crumples my sheets.
She’s acting as if she’s in her own home.
Were you with dear Hazuki? Looks like you guys became best friends while I wasn’t looking.
What do you want?
Maybe she came to set something up in this cell.
I take a look around, trying to detect anything out of place or different from this morning.
Hahah, I haven’t done anything. I know how much she’d yell at me if I messed with one of her friends.
Yell at you?
Yes, for example, if I stuck this inside someone. Hehe.
She flicks my crotch and chastity belt with her index finger.
She’s basically telling me she knows what I’ve been up to.
Friendship is beautiful. You shouldn’t have secrets from your close friends.
Right, and while I won’t really get into this, one of your allies is someone dear Hazuki absolutely loathes.
If she found out that you two are working together... hehe, I’m sure she’d completely blow a fuse.
I have no idea who she’s talking about.
But losing the support of Captain Yugao right now would be terrible for us.
......
I’d be better off ending everything now than letting that happen.
Hahaha! Look at that scary face! Come on, smile! Cheer up!
She gives me a creepy laugh as she flutters her feet.
Don’t worry. I won’t mess with them.
Why not?
Because I don’t want to get involved... I mean, that girl’s kind of creepy.
Creepy.
Taeka once said that Chisato was irritating just to look at.
Then is Chisato the one that Captain Yugao loathes?
But why?
Besides, don’t you think there’s a simpler way?
But that doesn’t really matter right now.
Because if I just brainwashed you here, I could deal a huge blow to your side.
Do it if you’re going to.
I told her.
We know how to spot the people who’ve been brainwashed.
She’s no longer that scared girl who would lose sight of everything if I were gone.
Taeka will see it through even without me.
I totally believe she can do it.
That’s why there’s no point in threatening me.
Really?
What is it that you want?
If she really wanted to take me out, there wouldn’t be any point to this meeting.
What is it that Sister Julia wants?
I want to make that clear here and now.
......
She buries her face in my mattress.
You poor thing...
She starts to tremble.
Ahh... Ahhh! You poor thing! You have no idea how unfortunate you are!
She starts wailing loud enough that it echoes throughout the whole Obscenity Ward.
What’s that voice...?!
I start to hear the murmuring of all the Obscenity Ward prisoners.
But she continues to cry without any care.
How pitiful! Unable to earn olapif, unable to atone for his sins! Unable to escape the vicious cycle!
I just want to save the lost puppae!
I just want everyone to be able to smile!
Tears are streaming down her insect-like eyes.
How else would you describe that other than misfortune?! A sinner’s soul burdened with the original sin of sicko-ism will be cursed forever!
But they don’t look like tears.
Then someone must save them! Someone must show them the path to enlightenment!
It feels like water is just streaming down meaninglessly.
I will do anything for that! Salvation lies in my grasp! I can lead them to our Lord!
I will use this power to bring back the smiles of every prisoner in the world!
In other words, Sister Julia’s aim is...
I told you, I’m a holy nun.
Is to simply spread her religion, the Perverse Orthofuxy.
Do you think I have any other mission than to spread these teachings?
She’s willing to brainwash people to achieve that.
That’s what she’s telling me.
That’s why I have no enemies. The Hatae Clan and the SST are all my lost sheep.
This isn’t right.
This person is crazy.
To me, they are simply people who need salvation.
A psychopath.
That’s the only word I know that would apply to her.
That’s why you could’ve joined me. Things would’ve gone so much better for you then. It’s so unfortunate.
You’re wrong there.
I shake my head.
We’ll never understand your way of thinking.
She will never have anything to do with my life.
There is nothing more dangerous than allying with a person you can’t trust.
The only exception is when your goal is so important that you need to complete it, whatever it costs.
We are better off with Captain Yugao.
I hear the sound of leather shoes in a hurry.
What is all this commotion?! Quiet!
Several guards shout down the other prisoners to try to control their outbursts.
Sister Julia stands without any regard to them.
I’m not happy that you’re falling in with such a bad crowd. Are you planning on becoming a thug as well?
I’m not a yakuza, but I’ve sworn an oath in my heart. That’s why I’ll never betray her.
Because Taeka is my idol... my lover.
She grins.
Hahahaha! Then I suppose you can’t help it. Saving people like you is also one of my duties, after all.
Now then, dear Minato, may the Lord’s blessing be with you. Beche.
She strolls away as if she just stopped by for a chat.
In other words, Agatsuma wasn’t brainwashing people for some other gain. It was for the brainwashing itself.
I report to Taeka the next evening what happened the night before.
She believes that increasing her followers will lead to the sickos’ salvation.
Not for her own self-interest, but for the lost people... Hehe, that does sound like something a clergyman would say.
She lets out a little exasperated chuckle.
The reason why she cornered us without finishing the job was because isolating people with power like me was her objective.
Yes, attacking you wasn’t the objective.
That’s why she didn’t do anything further.
But now things have changed.
I don’t know what she might do next.
We’re now her outright enemies.
This isn’t the first time we had to watch our backs. Anyway, the basement. We need to find out what’s down there.
Exactly.
And so we prepare to take action.
(END)
