The rehab center has nothing scheduled going on, and the place is so quiet they don’t even have anyone stationed at reception.
Excuse me... Oh?
I run into Kurebayashi, and she raises her hand without any change in expression.
Long time no see. How’s the card game production coming along?
Fine.
The meta is getting a little stale with just the sicko and yakuza types, so what about a muscle series for the next starter pack? Like the Two-Headed King Pecs.
Eep!
.........
What are you doing? Did you prefer Magical Lats or something?
You’re the one who broke the printer, aren’t you?
Kurebayashi furrows her brows for an instant.
I don’t know what you’re talking about! I don’t have to take this!
Ngh...
Taeka hits her in the solar plexus.
Sorry, us yakuza don’t need proof. I need you to come with me.
We carry Kurebayashi back to the torture chamber—she was very light.
|Cough, cough|... My stomach really hurts... Did you need to hit me?
Sorry. I figured if we didn’t drag you out of there in time, the same thing would happen as before.
I’m sorry.
I apologize after we place Kurebayashi on the chair for torture.
What is this? Are you going to put me in an electric chair? Can I at least write my last will and testament?
Funny you should mention that. We do have a guard who’s an expert with electricity.
Captain Yugao loudly walks in with her cane.
Kurebayashi’s expression visibly falls.
Isn’t there something you should be checking first, boy?
Kurebayashi, show me your eyes.
What is this, an eye test? Then take me to the optometrist... Okay, fine, go ahead. Please just put your fists down.
I check her eyes.
They aren’t the empty, insect-like eyes. Kurebayashi hasn’t been brainwashed.
So what is this? I was in my cell. How would I have broken the printer?
You don’t need to make any excuses.
Sister Julia knew about Chisato.
The only people who know about her are you, me, and Taeka.
Her...?
That was all the evidence I needed.
Kurebayashi scowls and clicks her tongue.
Why did she give it away...?
I’m sure it’s natural to assume she gave it away on purpose.
Sister Julia tried to get in our heads by letting us know that Kurebayashi, someone we’re close with, was selling us out.
Perhaps it was her plan to shift our focus to Kurebayashi, even if only temporarily.
That’s something Sister Julia would do.
But there are some things Sister Julia doesn’t know.
Still, despite all that, we need her skills.
There were occasional UFO sightings at this prison. Every time a flying saucer was spotted, something would be broken.
Apparently, by the end, they were riot-shotgunning the things out of the sky.
That all stopped when you came to prison.
......
And that led us to this conclusion.
Yes, in other words...
You’re an alien.
You’re right, it’s a drone.
I thought so.
I figured that was the only possibility.
.........
A drone.
From what I can recall, they’re the things with cameras that can fly.
I hid the drone in the back before coming here. Getting it ready to fly again was easy enough with Captain Agatsuma’s help.
What about the controller?
I’m sure you know.
You swallowed it and regurgitated it up back in your cell?
Kurebayashi just shrugs.
She used to swallow those dick stones.
That’s her hidden talent.
The little window up by the ceiling—the same one that got broken in one of the workshops a while back. If that window’s even slightly open, I can fly my drone in and out through it.
So all I had to do was overwrite the system to crash it, and that was enough to kill the printer for good.
She unexpectedly comes clean without much pushing.
I don’t sense any loyalty to Sister Julia.
I don’t have loyalty. I was just threatened. She said if I didn’t do this, she’d transfer me out of the shipyard.
Sister Julia didn’t brainwash Kurebayashi either.
Or she couldn’t.
Why were you flying the drones before you were sentenced here?
There were several inmates that weren’t brainwashed.
I was doing some recon work on the prison I was about to enter, obviously. I broke those items because... well, it’s complicated.
The answers to all these mysteries lie in that basement.
So, what do I need to do to be forgiven? I don’t want to go to solitary.
You don’t need to apologize. We’re just going to do the same as Julia.
Yes, we need her help.
If you don’t want to be transferred out of the shipyard, then fly that drone for us. Your objective is to fly a drone to Ukkon Island and infiltrate the church basement without anyone finding out.
There’s no need to break in directly with mechanical eyes.
But the drone I brought in got destroyed. I can’t use it.
Then we’ll buy a new one. Just have it sent to this CO.
We’ll be able to safely gather the information we need.
This is an order. You’re in no position to refuse.
......
This is a direct order from a deputy warden.
There is no way for Kurebayashi to say no.
I hear you’ve been recruiting guards with sex lately. Who’s your next target?
I was thinking Sofurin might be a nice target. I feel like I know what her fetish is too.
What is it?
Pee.
Then don’t. Just leave her alone.
And Captain Yugao, I would like you to stop bullying Captain Sofiya Shikolenko.
I’ve never bullied her in my life.
What?
For some reason, I flash back to something I was told during one of my earlier arrests. “There’s just nothing worse than someone who |doesn’t mean any harm|.”
Why do you care about Sofurin so much?
You’re in the Obscenity Ward too, so you should know. When Captain Shikolenko feels stressed, she takes it out on us.
I thought that might have changed recently, but maybe I’m just misremembering things.
Well, anyway... I hope we have a deal.
And so we secure Kurebayashi’s help.
We put in a drone order from Captain Yugao’s PC right away.
So can I charge this to the prison?
......
What was the full name again?
Julia Agatsuma.
There we go.
The drone delivery should take about a week.
Then let’s charge this to her as well.
But if we specially charter a boat, we can cut that down to just take two days.
That weekend, on our day off...
It’s the day of the first-class gathering.
I feel so relieved knowing we won’t have to get on that boat again.
Totally.
Let’s go. If I’m seen with you here, it’s going to complicate my life in prison.
With the distance involved, she won’t be able to control it with the miniature monitoring device she’s used in the past.
Which is why she’ll need to use a computer.
She’ll be able to access it from anywhere with Captain Yugao’s laptop.
Nobody should find you in the library.
......
My spot’s been stolen...
Kurebayashi is having some trouble with the necessary setup.
Sorry, we’ll just be a sec. You’re one of us anyway.
It’s a wonder this fossil still runs.
Let’s browse her history. Maybe she searched for something dirty.
Let’s see... ‘germination, late, moisture,’ ‘flute, online shopping, discount,’ ‘vine, drooping, why.’
Is she into tentacles?
Come on, leave it... We have time, get it set up.
I know. Why is there a search bar and so many shortcuts on her browser? Is she old or something?
We have time.
As long as nobody catches us.
What are you all doing here?!
We’re caught right away.
Kurebayashi frantically pulls the laptop down to her feet and starts whistling nonchalantly.
Someone reported in a suspicious group that could be up to something!
Naturally, the nun is wary of us.
And so she’s taken these precautions.
It’s you, isn’t it?!
No, it’s not.
It’s youuuuuuuuu!
In terms of persistence, Officer Yamagishi is more diligent than most.
That’s become all the more obvious the better I’ve gotten to know her.
We have permission from Captain Yugao. You can check.
Captain Yugao is currently off duty! I can’t disturb her on her day off!
Tch, guess she calabash-bitched out...
And there are rumors that you’re having tons of sex with women, some of them even being guards! How incredibly suspicious!
I won’t deny it.
You think I can take the word of someone who talks to their own dick!
Back when we were working together, I thought we had trust!
Her continued suspicion will only lead to trouble.
If someone’s genitals started talking to them, they’d normally go straight to the hospital! You know what it implies that you haven’t?!
Your pussy doesn’t talk?
If I don’t get rid of her right away, Sister Julia will end up being right.
What are you trying to say?!
I didn’t buy any information from Mr. Kugitani about Officer Yamagishi.
That’s because I know her so well after spending so much time together.
I’ve seen other people’s genitals talk before.
Like I care!
When I talked to them, they responded right away.
I wouldn’t put that past a sicko!
Officer Yamagishi isn’t very smart.
Yours too...
What are you talking about?
But she’s a good person, so she’ll listen to you until you’re finished.
You’re lying! That’s just a bluff!
Then how about we ask her directly?
Hello! I’m Himerussy Yamagussy!
My pussy talked?!
You don’t need to go see a doctor?
Leave it!
And she’s really weak to anything sudden.
Good job, Chisato.
Oh, that was you?
She used her skulking skills to get behind Yamagishi and then switched to ventriloquism.
I-I had to say something weird...
Kurebayashi takes out the laptop and starts punching into the keyboard.
She finishes setting up.
Now there’s nobody to interrupt us.
Yeah, all that’s left to do is pray she comes through.
I hope dear Himeru is being useful right about now.
Haha. I |do| doubt it. She’s a stupid idiot. I bet she’s being fucking useless.
Although, I never really was counting on her in the first place. Right, dear Ozawa?
Y-Yes, Captain...
You know something, don’t you? I know you had a hand in helping dear Minato and the others with that card game.
Oh, um, but that’s...
You’re daughter’s really grown. She looks just like your wife... I’m just worried for her safety. I mean, you know how dangerous the world’s become.
......
T-There’s a drone... hidden in this church...
Oh, my! A drone? It must be dear Kurebayashi’s! I see, I suppose they could infiltrate us easily with a drone.
Could someone bring me the motion sensor set in the entrance? And could you place them on all the windows?
It doesn’t matter how prepared they are if we can notice them...
They have no chance.
.........
Hahaha! And one more thing.
......!
Dear Hatae is so cautious, I’m sure she’s got more than one prepared. It’s so nice how easy her type is to read!
Yeah...
Are you ready?
Yes, Oracle! We have everything ready here. Let us work on finishing the New Testament.
You can go now. Try not to blame yourself too much. I’m sure that thug will forgive you too... Hahaha!
Yeah, I’m sure she will...
After I throw the last mini-drone into the exhaust port!
The video feed is coming in!
We all peer over the laptop.
The black monitor flickers, and the video feed goes live.
We see a dimly lit basement.
The walls are lined with expensive-looking wine and large shelves.
And how is the new drug development coming along?
Towards the front is a gaudily dressed woman who must be the oracle.
There are people trying to stop us. If we miss our timing, it could be too late.
And there is Sister Julia towards the back.
They aren’t a problem. The development is coming along well.
That’s good news then. You’ve made too many enemies in prison. Don’t come crying to me when they rise up against you.
Hahahah! Heehee, hahaha!
The nun teasingly laughs at the oracle.
What is it...?
Sorry, it’s just that you know nothing! Ignorance isn’t a sin, which is why I can welcome you with such a smile.
There is nothing that resembles a drug anywhere in this room.
Instead, there’s a high-performance computer...
...and a giant monitor and speaker like there was in the gymnasium and church.
This new drug, the New Testament, won’t care about anything trivial like that.
Sister Julia holds out a computer tablet.
If we use this, we’ll be able to control every guard and prisoner, no matter how deep their conditioning is...
There seems to be something pictured on it.
The high-tech drone changes positions to try to find out what.
That’s...
Do you wanna give it a try? It’ll send you flying.
Sister Julia presses a switch.
The drone suddenly loses control as a powerful flash of light is emitted.
......
......
We look away from the monitor to look at each other.
W-Was that...?
Chisato cocks her head to the side. Everyone seems stumped.
Only Kurebayashi is holding her hand up to her mouth.
It’s a digital drug...
She speaks quietly.
(END)
The next night, we head to the torture chamber.
We told the SST commander that we had something to report.
So you found out what ‘H’ is?
Yes.
We tell her the unbelievable truth we discovered.
It’s a digital drug...
In other words, an electronic narcotic.
A digital drug... I mean, I heard they exist.
Kurebayashi speaks after we finished gathering evidence on the church basement.
I heard that they were trending somewhere around twenty years ago. The effects ranged from feeling high or light-headed to rendering you immobile.
Apparently, you can get high by listening to a frequency that adjusts the brainwaves. They called those ‘audio drugs,’ and the government cracked down to get them taken offline.
There were also experiments with using VR for medical weight loss, using virtual reality to ease pain... Apparently, you can control the brain through visual and audio information.
So they’re real?
Half of the stories I’ve heard about them were jokes. They’re more like an urban legend with cult popularity. At best, they’re nowhere near as effective as actual drugs.
She looks to Taeka for confirmation.
I’ve only heard rumors as well... But I never heard about anything effective enough to be sellable.
How are these different from regular drugs?
The biggest difference is the price and how easily obtainable they are.
I heard you could buy a sound bite for around a hundred yen. It also doesn’t leave a footprint, making it a good illegal income stream.
However, Taeka continues.
The other crucial difference is the high difficulty of developing the things. It’s not as simple as squeezing out some poppy seed extract.
Producing a digital drug that may or may not exist.
How is that possible for Sister Julia?
I mean, I was left feeling strange when I was watching the video at the gymnasium and church.
As if something was being written directly in my head. That’s what it felt like.
I bet it includes some audio inputs too.
I heard a ringing in my ears, but Ozawa said he didn’t hear anything.
If somebody’d said they heard a sound, I might’ve agreed, but I wouldn’t have been sure.
That could be an issue with the frequency. You’re still a kid, so you have better hearing than most, probably.
We’re almost certain that this is a digital drug.
Which means, things become troublesome.
Why?
As I said before, the existence of these digital drugs is just a rumor. Nobody’s confirmed they actually exist.
Oh, which means this won’t be proof... that it’s a drug?
Exactly. They can just say it’s a strange piece of video. Getting our hands on it won’t help us build a case against them.
Perhaps that’s where some of Sister Julia’s confidence came from as well.
Even getting caught isn’t much of a risk.
She has every advantage.
And another thing. It’s easy to delete evidence of digital drugs. You can trash the data with one simple mouse click.
Click, click...
There’s a possibility they’ll destroy the drug itself the moment we find it.
We have to do everything in our power to not give away that we know.
It’s hard to read their next move.
We don’t know what Sister Julia is thinking, meaning it isn’t easy to avoid her either.
She’s a total psychopath.
Yeah, just like Exhibitiman...
......
......
What is she talking about? I think to myself.
Look how well I’m doing with everyone.
I’m not a psychopath.
Y-You threatened me... and made me help you develop a game.
I got pushed against a wall and punched.
I feel personally ambushed.
I’m not a psychopath.
Who is your favorite CEO?
Steve Jobs.
What about historical figure?
Napoleon.
Simpsons character?
Bart.
You’re a psychopath.
I’ve been diagnosed.
You’re a psychopath.
......
......
I see... A digital drug... So they really exist.
......
Do you know what an electronic drug is?
A carpet with a strange style?
That’s an eclectic rug.
Captain Yugao gives the matter some thought—it seems to be outside even her expectations.
As I said before, Julia is the only one from Minai Pharmaceuticals who attended a computer science university. Maybe that’s the connection.
I just assumed from her background that it would be a chemical drug... Perhaps that was short-sighted of me.
The other scary thing was their conversation afterwards.
Yeah. It seemed like they’re developing a new drug.
Taeka speaks as she scribbles into her sketchbook.
I’m sure they have some sort of huge plan in motion.
What are you drawing?
Maybe she’s not messing with us because she’s busy moving that plan forward.
This room. Just keeping my hands busy.
But what if she finishes with the preparations...? There’s no telling what would happen.
In other words, we need to resolve this situation before they finish developing it.
You’re missing my favorite brazen bull here.
She nods.
Wow. You’ve got a helluva hobby.
If something more powerful with immediate effects goes around, there’s no guarantee we’ll be able to resist it.
What do you plan to do?
Infiltrate the basement on Ukkon Island and destroy the new drug and the facility.
I agree. The only way to treat the root of the problem is to remove the tumor. Then it doesn’t matter how brainwashed the prisoners are.
If we get our hands on the data, we might be able to create a program to treat the brainwashed prisoners. We plan to get Kurebayashi’s help.
I already got her to promise.
In exchange, I agreed to create a new expansion for Zen-Gi-Oh!, Muscle Kingdom.
But it goes without saying that Ukkon Island is Agatsuma’s territory. We can’t easily get close to the island, and she might as well have her own personal militia stationed there.
We’ll need to gather our forces together. That will require the SST and any other guards able to help as well as equipment and a plan.
Please leave that to me. We are ready.
They have the terrain advantage.
We need suitable preparation and a perfect plan.
Could you leave the planning to me? I want to test my wits against Agatsuma’s.
Oh, but didn’t you already lose that battle once?
That’s exactly why. I don’t like losing, and I want my revenge.
There’s a fire in Taeka’s eyes.
Captain Yugao gives her an unamused, “Fine.”
What could be tricky is if prisoners are taken to Ukkon Island while we’re executing our plan.
It’s possible Sister Julia would do something as crazy as that.
While we have to accept the ones who have already been brainwashed, we can’t afford to let her grow her ranks.
I agree. We need to know how not to get brainwashed.
Sister Julia mentioned conditioning.
There is somewhere in the prison where the digital drug is being distributed.
And something is separating the prisoners who become brainwashed from the ones who don’t.
The ones who are brainwashed are the miners, second-class, and first-class prisoners... What do they have in common?
Among the first-class prisoners, me, Shuichiro, and the Hatae Trio weren’t brainwashed. That should offer some information.
There’s another element of uncertainty.
The day Sister Julia visited my cell was exactly when there was no SST officer keeping watch.
Was that a coincidence or did she know?
If she knew, then how?
There’s also the oracle who was in that video.
She was too close to the drone for us to figure out her identity.
Probably someone from some religious organization. She could have taken over some organization and is using them as a puppet.
I have a plan for that.
One idea to propose.
A plan?
Only with your permission, Captain Yugao.
I give Captain Yugao a meaningful look from below.
Considering the situation we’re in, I’m willing to give you some leeway.
Really?
Who do you think I am? They call me the Queen Bee of the prison.
Then good.
To be honest, I thought the bottleneck for this plan was going to be Captain Yugao.
The plan is...
I whisper the plan into her ear.
Her expression darkens the more she listens.
What do you think?
......
Don’t tell me the Queen Bee of Tulip is going to say no.
Captain Yugao loudly clicks her tongue.
Fine. I suppose I’ll allow it considering everything. I’ll handle it.
Thank you very much.
We have her word.
Now we just need to find where the conditioning device is installed.
Oh, in that case, I have a plan that can only be executed now.
Captain Yugao’s expression is almost malicious.
I’m already doing you a favor. I’m sure you’re willing to put your body on the line.
I nod, not really sure where she’s going with it.
I’m continuing my grassroots efforts.
How’ve you been, Hideyoshi?
While we can’t print new cards, there is plenty of stock left still.
So listen, I got my hands on a great card. Lactic Acid Trap Sphincter, straight out of the new Muscle Kingdom set.
I’ll give it to you if you bring me another new friend.
......
There’s no response.
His eyes are empty.
He’s been brainwashed. Let’s go.
A prisoner we recruited to our side has now been brainwashed.
The mind control is still spreading.
If we look back at all the brainwashed prisoners... it seems to be the ones who’ve been in here the longest.
That’s true. Hideyoshi said he’s been here since the Ero Shogunate’s foundation.
The longer you’re here, the more advanced your conditioning gets. That might be related as well.
Either way, it’s something we can look up.
That is why Captain Yugao gave me the order.
Okay, I’m off then.
......
Taeka pouts.
What’s wrong?
Nothing.
You’re pouting.
It’s nothing.
But you look like a puffer fish.
It’s nothing, dammit, like I said.
Apparently, it’s nothing.
Hmph.
But she’s still acting sullen.
Please get in a better mood.
......
Or else I won’t be able to focus on my mission.
Then kiss me.
Here?
Kiss me!
So I kiss her.
I slowly pull my mouth away, and she gives me a chuckle.
Hehe, sorry. I just wanted to sulk.
I feel happy just seeing her that way.
Go, Shuichiro. Everything’s riding on you. Good luck.
Now I can go face my next objective with a spring in my step.
(END)
My, my. Look how weak you’ve become since last I saw you!
Dr. Higuchi lets out a dramatic scream in the medical ward.
You’ve lost five kilograms. I’d actually love to know how you can lose so much weight.
I don’t look that different.
Muscle is heavier than fat... I’m so jealous... I mean, I shouldn’t be. My face blows up if I drink too much energy drink.
You look thin as well, Dr. Higuchi.
I’ve got a skinny frame. They called me a skeleton back in school. I was even skinnier back then!
She adds a few notes to my chart.
Burns, scratches, cuts... Looks like you’re involved in something as dangerous as the rumors say, Shuichiro.
It seems like rumors have even reached Dr. Higuchi.
What kind of rumors?
Well, like how you’re a huge sex fiend, a Chad, or that you’re having tons of sex with all sorts of guards, or that you’re some amazing technician.
What if I told you it’s all true?
Really? That’d be impressive. I’d almost ask to join... but you shouldn’t push yourself too hard.
Dr. Higuchi is always worried about me.
You have the habit of sacrificing your own well-being to achieve your objective.
That’s not true. I live a very safe life.
You’re always dangerous.
And so I decide to shout.
Ahhhhhhhhhh!
Gah! What’s gotten into you?!
My penis! My penis!
What about your genitalia?!
It’s gotten bigger!
I push my bulging crotch up to Dr. Higuchi’s eyes.
I can’t believe my penis is bigger!
Come on, it’s not the first time.
But look how big it is!
Wait, that looks too big!
It hurts! Rrrr!
Oh, no! We should take your pants off at least!
Dr. Higuchi frantically tries to undo my pants.
Don’t move.
......!
I take out the stun gun hidden in my pants, the one from Captain Yugao’s cane, and stick it against Dr. Higuchi.
What? What is this?
Please take out the charts for all the prisoners.
I state my demands.
Or else I will rape you here.
A powerful drug like this could have some sort of side effects.
Captain Yugao proposed this idea.
And Eriko Higuchi in the medical ward has every prisoner’s medical history.
Do you think she’ll show them to us if we ask?
No. She’s obsessed with being fair and neutral. There’s no way she’ll give them up, not even if us guards threaten her.
The medical ward remains steadfastly neutral.
And their leader Dr. Higuchi isn’t going to hand over her patients’ private information.
Which means you’re up, boy.
What do I need to do?
Threaten that woman and steal her charts.
I have to threaten Dr. Higuchi, whom I love and who trusts me.
Do it however you like. You can threaten her life, punch her, or even torture her. I’ll clean up the mess. Just find a way to steal the charts.
I can do it.
If it’s the best way to achieve our objective.
How about raping her and filming it? She might hand them over if you threaten to distribute her rape video.
Although, if you’re able to sexually satisfy her enough, she might willingly hand over the information.
You think I can do that?
When I ask, Captain Yugao looks earnestly dumbfounded.
I mean, only perverted women become doctors.
Please hand over the charts.
......
I want to handle the situation peacefully if possible.
I don’t want to hurt Dr. Higuchi.
I’m a doctor. I can’t give you my patients’ information. You wouldn’t want me to do that with your information, would you?
But I still need you to hand them over.
Why?
Because that’s the only way for us to win.
......
There is no better move for us.
I’m a Chad. I can make you cum harder than you ever have before.
I’ll do anything.
I’ll rape you.
Okay.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I’ll rape you!
I said okay!
Apparently, it’s okay.
I’m stunned.
Are you sure?
Listen, Shuichiro.
Yes?
Only perverted women become doctors.
......!
Apparently, what Captain Yugao said is true.
Jokes aside, I’m surprised you’d say that. What are you thinking, Shuichiro?
I lower the stun gun I borrowed.
You’re one of my favorite people.
I’d rather not hurt you.
I really don’t want to do anything awful to Dr. Higuchi.
That’s my true feelings.
Although, sometimes I like it rough. Maybe you’ll understand when you’re a little older.
Then Dr. Higuchi furrows her brows.
The prison is hard work. I’m the only doctor, so if there’s an emergency at night, I get called up. I’m stressed, my skin’s a mess, and there’s no time for a lover.
I was up working all last night, so I’m already exhausted. If I go lie down to rest, I’ll fall right to sleep.
It’s so hard being me...
She places her right hand on her forehead and glances over at me.
I mean, someone could break in and steal my charts without me even knowing.
She gives me a definite wink.
Dr. Higuchi is telling me what I should do.
Oh, but it would be nice if they were returned by tomorrow night. I need to use them for counseling.
Dr. Higuchi stretches before rotating her shoulders.
Okay, I think I’m just going to lie down and rest! Oh, and if someone were to touch my boobs, I doubt I’d even notice.
She jumps into bed and turns her back to me.
Well, good night.
......
I put my clothes back on and head to the shelf.
I pick up the stack of papers that she just placed there.
Mm... Zzz... Zzz...
I don’t know if she is fake snoring or not.
Doctor.
I place my hand on her shoulder, not her boobs.
Thank you... Good night.
......
He left...
Woof! He could’ve fondled my breasts, at least! I guess he’s still a kid after all.
Hah... I’m too soft on him.
Oh, well. I was never an upstanding doctor to begin with.
We pour over the data in the torture chamber the following day.
It’s going to take time to go through the charts.
Place the prisoners that you’re sure were brainwashed into the blue basket, those you’re sure aren’t into the red basket, and those you’re not sure of in the yellow basket.
We’ll need to start our research after a basic sort-through.
How do you read this, Ms. Hazuki?
It says Busujima. Cute how stupid you are.
......
Once we finish sorting the charts, we start poring over each chart in more detail.
We’re looking for any information that points to some answers.
We need to find out if there are any connections. Like if they all got sick.
It would be easy if they all had a mark left on them.
Hold on... What’s this?
Taeka points to something as she lines up all the brainwashed inmates’ charts.
Some of the prisoners got hot flashes and came to get ice.
As they weren’t official consultations, they were just added as notes.
It seems like they felt chilly after taking a bath.
So that means they all took baths.
Everyone takes a bath. Oh, you couldn’t because you were being bullied.
It’s bothering me. Second-class, first-class, miners, and the cafeteria... What do they have in common?
They all can take baths more frequently than the common prisoner.
The miners because of the dust and dirt, the cafeteria workers for sanitation reasons, and the first and second-class inmates as part of their privileges.
So the digital drug is installed in the bathing area?
The signal light.
It comes to me as I stare at the colored baskets.
Everyone who takes a bath looks at that signal light that lets you know your bathing time.
Yes, everyone stares at it because they want to stay in the bath as long as possible.
But the mediators were never brainwashed.
Because we got to go in first without needing to worry about our bathing time.
......!
We sprint out of the room right away.
Sister Julia installed the digital drug inside that signal light, conducting the conditioning.
Yugao ordered us to clean the bathing area as punishment. That’s gonna be our story!
Okay!
Then if we’re able to grab it...
...we might be able to create an antidote program!
We rush into the bathing area.
However, there is already somebody here.
Oh, what’s wrong? Coming into the bathing area with your clothes on is against common manners.
Sister Julia is on all fours, cleaning the hair out of the drain.
Why are you here?
It’s my day off today, so I thought I’d help clean the bath. It helps me understand the prisoners’ mindsets.
There’s no way that’s her reason.
There’s no way Sister Julia would be cleaning the bath for no reason.
......
I glance over at the signal light.
I don’t know what’s different about it.
Anyway, it’s almost dinner time. You should eat up and repent for your sins... Hahaha...
However, Sister Julia being here...
Tch...
...means she’s already gotten rid of the proof.
(END)
In other words, you didn’t get your hands on the digital drug.
We return to the torture chamber after dinner.
She just recovered it at the perfect timing.
Yes, as if she knew everything.
It’s not like we came out empty-handed.
I mean, we’re lucky enough to have made her take it down. At the very least, she can’t continue brainwashing the inmates the same way she’s been doing.
If it’s a normal digital drug they’ve been using.
According to what we found out through the drone, the New Testament doesn’t rely on the same conditioning the old one did.
A drug in development that doesn’t need years of conditioning to reprogram someone.
If it’s completed, it will be difficult to contest.
They sounded like they were close to being finished... We’re just going to have to figure something out before it’s too late.
The ominous digital drug created in the Ukkon Island basement.
We’ll need to hit it directly to destroy it.
We’ll have to take a boat over during a storm when visibility is bad.
Yes, we’ll be able to reach the island without the residents noticing if it’s during a storm.
Even if they have guards on site, it’ll be a while before we’re discovered.
But the storms around here are no joke. Will you be able to launch a ship in one?
Number 0721 has a friend who can navigate a boat through any environment.
I don’t know |how| she knows someone like that, but I suppose I don’t care either.
If there’s a way we can infiltrate that island...
...It doesn’t matter how dangerous it is. It’s worth doing.
When is the next storm?
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow...?
It’s sooner than I anticipated.
A big storm is going to hit the island tomorrow morning. Who knows when the next one will be.
So tomorrow’s our only chance.
Because it’ll all be over if they bring a finished New Testament to the prison before the next storm.
Time isn’t a luxury we can afford. We nod to each other.
Okay, we need to come up with a strategy by morning. We can’t afford to fail. We’ll prepare the best we can.
Really? If you can be that flexible, it’d be nice if you could do it more often.
This is a special case. It will have repercussions... but we’ll have bigger problems if we do nothing.
I hope you can come up with a good plan, Princess.
Leave it to me, Queen.
Taeka says as she gets out a pencil and paper.
These next eight hours before dawn... will be critical.
She draws to clear her mind.
......
And so eight hours pass.
The sun does not rise over Tulip Prison this morning.
Wake up, Obscenity Ward!
Even the subterranean cells can hear the rain and wind rattling the windows and walls.
Roll out and line up! The building is rattling up on the surface! We’re here to put you to work so you don’t get caught up in the excitement! Today’s going to be a busy day!
The storm is a nasty one.
The cafeteria is in a bigger buzz than usual.
Printing team, you guys head to the inspection area! The ceiling is leaking! The leather workshop team will take care of reinforcing the windows in the rec center!
The guards are hurrying around, shouting up a storm.
Damnit, this happens every time it storms... When are they going to finally rebuild this damn place?
Captain! What about the mines? They’re still workable, but...
Whenever there is a storm, the worn building begins to fall apart.
You fool! It’s too dangerous! The mines in a storm?!
The mines are old and full of history.
Good morning, Shuichiro.
Good morning, Taeka.
She seats herself next to me, placing her cafeteria tray down.
Do you have the thing?
Inside my anus.
I received a miniature radio communicator from Captain Yugao.
Hm? Feels like we’re short some people today.
What? There should be no issue according to the report list.
A signal will come when it’s time to execute the plan.
......
Number 0721 was summoned by Captain Yugao. The damage at the shipyard is apparently very bad.
That’s not something I’m really concerned about.
Kurebayashi has gone to Ukkon Island with Captain Yugao.
Really?
It’s to gather the necessary data to create an antidote program.
Yaaaawn.
Are you sleepy, Shuichiro?
Yeah, I didn’t get enough sleep.
It’s impressive if you got any sleep at all. You’ve got some guts.
Okay, breakfast is over! Everyone get to your assigned tasks!
The heir of the Gijin Clan, still acting as a mediator, stands up to go check the generator in the gym.
Hey, there’s something I’ve always wanted someone to say to me.
What?
Say I love you.
Something vibrates inside my anus.
I love you.
Hehe. You’re still expressionless.
I love you a million times.
Then that makes me happy.
She tosses her jacket and hails the Gijin Clan heir.
......!
And plants her fist in his face.
It’s go time.
She knocks the young man on his ass.
Bro?! What the fuck did you just—gah!
You motherfucker! Gah!
Taeka knocks out the Gijin Clan members who attack us.
The fuck are you doing?!
Okay then. Shoo...
She takes out the men with one hand.
Go!
She lands a kick right into an open flank.
Bring it on, you chumps! Or can’t you fight if you don’t get a sign from God?
My job is to provoke them.
Huh? What’s going on?!
Whoa! Let’s back up! There are desks flying!
The prisoners are watching from afar.
The regular inmates don’t want to get dragged into our fight.
What is this?! Let me through... What is going on here?!
I-It’s a riot...! Number 0019 started a fight!
Ngh... Raaaaaaaaah!
Stop! Where’s the SST?! Hold them down!
We can’t find the SST anywhere! They’re not answering their radios either!
And then...
Oh, my. Looks like there’s a huge commotion. This is against the rules. Please capture Numbers 0720 and 0019.
Sister Julia acts deliberately surprised.
All the brainwashed inmates attack us, not just the Gijin Clan members.
Hah! I’m not done yet!
No matter how many she beats back, more appear. There are so many.
Come on, you useless idiots! You think you can take out Taeka like that?
It doesn’t matter how much time we can waste.
The more we waste, the more likely our plan will succeed.
Ow! Ahhhh!
All inmates, on the wall! Let the guards handle this!
No, no, no. If your friends are causing the trouble, then you owe it to them to stop them.
Some inmates run away on Sofurin’s orders, while others are rioting from Sister Julia’s.
The inmates are cleanly separating themselves between those who are brainwashed and those who aren’t.
The difference in numbers is stark.
Ngh!
......!
And we’re taken down to the ground.
The fight is over.
Hahaha! What a wonderful sight. It feels nice to be groveling on the ground, doesn’t it?
Ngh...
The commotion has been stopped. You shouldn’t have anything to complain about now, right, dear Sofurin?
......
Sister Julia is thoroughly enjoying looking down at us.
Now, dear Minato, I’m throwing you into solitary as you promised Warden Mizushiro. How does one month sound?
......
And dear Sofurin, you’re going to have to disembowel yourself.
......!
But before any of that, why don’t you explain why you caused this riot.
What is that noise...?
Noise? It does sound like something’s vibrating...
Take off dear Minato’s clothes.
H-His clothes...?
Just do it.
I’m stripped naked.
He’s wearing a chastity belt. Check the back.
They pull out the communication device from my anus.
Heh, hahaha!
Hahaha!|Hahaha!
I start laughing when they take the vibrator from my anus.
You fell right into my trap, Sister Julia!
Here was the plan.
First, we would start a riot to root out Sister Julia’s brainwashed minions.
If we caused a prison riot, there was no way you could ignore it.
The SST would infiltrate the church basement on Ukkon Island in the meantime.
The residents wouldn’t notice them, not through the cover of the storm.
Your precious PC should be in our hands as I speak!
And when the operation was completed, the radio transceiver would vibrate.
You messed up, Sister Julia! You were so sure that you had the advantage!
The transceiver vibrated, indicating that they successfully got the PC and the data on the new drug.
Now your New Testament is over!
......
Sister Julia looks dumbfounded.
She looks around at her surroundings.
Hahaha!
She wrings the fabric of her outfit around her stomach.
Haaaaaaaaaaaahahahaha! Hehe, hahaha!
She starts cackling so loud that I think it bursts an eardrum.
What’s so funny?
Yes, a distraction campaign! I might have fallen for it if I didn’t know about it! I give the plan itself a gold star!
She cocks her head to the side while she rubs her belly.
But I wonder if that vibration is really a signal that the plan succeeded.
We managed to infiltrate the basement...
...but the place is completely empty.
......
The only thing in that basement is junk! That’s because I brought everything to the penitentiary last night!
The new drug you were looking for, in other words, the New Testament, isn’t in that basement anymore!
Too bad! Ah, how unfortunate! You would’ve been able to create an antidote program and wrapped everything up nice and neat!
She saw through our entire plan.
But you didn’t find the drug, separated yourselves from your formidable allies in the SST, and left yourselves |here|, all vulnerable and alone here!
With her biggest obstacles in the SST gone, there is nobody to get in Sister Julia’s way.
And now I have all the advantage...
In other words, it would be trivial for her to take over the prison right now.
......!
Hahaha! The SST aren’t here to protect you right now!
All of dear Hazuki’s hard work was for nothing!
Oh, did you say my name?
Huh?
The sound of a cane comes from the cafeteria entrance.
Captain Yugao slowly emerges.
Hehehe, hahaha!
Taeka laughs.
Did you think we didn’t anticipate your moves?
What...?
I’m asking you if you didn’t think we noticed that you bugged us, you dumbass.
I’m sure they have some sort of huge plan in motion.
She quickly scrawls in her sketchbook.
What are you drawing?
This room. Just keeping my hands busy.
But she wasn’t drawing at all.
This conversation is being wiretapped.
You’re missing my favorite brazen bull here.
We’ll look into the bug. Give an order to the SST.
Wow. You’ve got a helluva hobby.
We’ll use that to our advantage instead.
We already knew Sister Julia was an expert in wiretapping.
Which means we knew we were bugged.
All of your bugs were discovered by an SST covert agent.
......
That’s why we used all eight hours to prepare.
By using the wiretaps against her, we made her think the SST would be infiltrating the island.
Instead of the SST, we sent over decoys instead.
The actual SST was to remain on standby with Captain Yugao until the last moment.
All we have to do is steal the equipment from you now.
We didn’t actually have to take the risk of infiltrating the basement.
You played right into our hands.
Now give yourself up! It’s over for you now!
Hahahaha! Hahaha! Hahahaha!
Sister Julia drowns out Taeka’s voice with her clapping.
What...?
Oh, sorry! You look so cute when you’re worked up! Hahaha!
Is this the covert agent you were talking about?
A bound girl is thrown over from the crowd.
......!
It’s the SST girl with the lisp.
Sorry, I already knew about that!
This fly’s been buzzing around my business for some time now, but it didn’t take her long to fall for my trap!
......
Her eyes are empty, and it’s clear she’s been brainwashed.
She spilled everything when I treated her with a little kindness! Haha! She must have hated her SST work.
You bitch!
And did you think I didn’t notice your drone? The New Testament was finished ages ago!
Sister Julia pulls out a switch from her pocket.
I’ve already installed the New Testament all over the penitentiary! Hahaha! You’re not the only ones who had plenty of time to prepare overnight!
She holds it up high.
Hahaha! Our oracle is so brilliant!
So, your oracle? You mean |this| oracle?
A girl gets thrown from the crowd.
Gah! Tch...
It’s Rin Hanamaru.
I always suspected that someone was acting on your behalf when you were too busy with your prison work.
And it had to be someone who hadn’t been brainwashed. ’Cause your minions can’t make decisions when you’ve got them in a trance!
There is something odd about the Perverse Orthofuxy as an organization.
It was supposedly established over ten years ago, but Sister Julia only started being active this past year.
In other words, you must have met someone involved in the Orthofuxy during that year.
After all, the Ukkon Island residents were originally Christians—and that includes the daughter of Minai Pharmaceuticals, the owners of the island.
In other words, they converted at some point.
And there’s only one inmate who came in the last year who had any religious involvement. Yes, her!
Gah!
Hanamaru was arrested for fraud, having created a new religious organization, i.e. cult, that extorted money from its followers.
That’s when Sister Julia took over the Perverse Orthofuxy and made it her own.
There is no way Hanamaru would abandon her own religion, especially not when it was making her a profit.
So the nun had a loyal co-conspirator who would never betray her.
Our dark child is pretty great. She’s able to make herself completely undetectable.
Hanamaru would naturally be very discreet when she installed the digital drugs.
But we had a covert agent good enough to out-stealth a ninja.
As a bonus, she’s got her own way in and out of the underground cells. If she gets an order to blast an area, it doesn’t matter what time it is.
The mines operate morning and night. There is no time restriction.
And with the help of the SST, we could deploy pre-excavated pine rocks anywhere we needed to call her.
She can leave the building at any time and secure any suspects.
The plan revolved around Sister Julia’s assumption that Yugao would never use Chisato, whom she hates so much.
We already have your New Testament!
She takes out the real switch, not a dummy.
I already know the keyword. In other words, we have the authority to re-brainwash the idiots!
She presses the button.
But nothing happens.
Hahahaha! Ow, my side hurts!
The brainwashing trigger isn’t just a keyword. It requires an orgasm as well!
......!
I think you figured that out! But the brainwashing isn’t completed until a man cums inside a pussy without protection!
Unfortunately, you non-believers aren’t fit to utilize these scriptures!
And then there is a blackout.
The storm forces everyone into darkness.
In other words, our battle of wits is a draw.
We have the evidence. You seem to be at a disadvantage.
Yes, but... if I brainwash everyone, none of that matters.
Sister Julia has the original data.
If she redeploys it, she can activate the New Testament anytime she wants.
And the electricity... the generator is in the gym.
Which means there’s only one thing to do.
Now, my devout followers! The evil test, mopopporo, has finally appeared!
It is time to fulfill the true karnu and overcome this potowoopie!
That is the only way for us to reach the Millennial Dick-down of God!
Gaaaaaaaaah!
To get to the gym first and secure the generator.
You heard it! Sister Julia is brainwashing inmates, taking away our autonomy!
It is denying you of your own existence! If you wish to keep your dignity, then fight with us!
Raaaaaaaaah!
And to do that...
It’s time to kick ass!
There’s going to be an all-out brawl.
We meet Sister Julia’s forces head-on.
Our path has not been cut off yet! This is the Lord’s will!
Now, my followers! Become the Lord’s shield and spear and follow the right path! This is your chance to earn olapif!
Take out the head, and the rest will fall! Take down Hazuki Yugao and Numbers 0019 and 0720! The one who does shall receive hippekt from the Lord!
Sister Julia disappears into the darkness.
(END)
I put my clothes back on, and we head outside as well.
Our destination is the gym’s electric generator.
Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Fuck off, you pissants!
The brainwashed inmates attack us.
They’re like zombies.
Here they come! Bring it on already!
They may not be at fault here, but we have to take down anyone who gets in our way.
Come on! I’ll vacuum-seal your stupid asses and turn you all into microcosms of life!
I hope you’re ready for foreplay!
S-Slipper Kick!
All our recruitment efforts are paying off now.
War is a numbers game.
Chaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaange!
Unfortunately, they have more people.
The zombie inmates are stronger than the typical person because they don’t have any mental inhibitors restricting their strength.
Ahhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhh!
And the large miners are more than most people can match.
In order to defeat you... We will take you down...
Don’t try to take them on by yourself! They can only think about carrying out their orders! Use your brains and attack them in groups!
But the inmates easily thwart all group attacks.
Calm down! This won’t get you anywhere! Please, just stop!
Sofurin fires warning shots, trying to control the inmates without even taking out her baton.
But the rioting doesn’t stop, and she’s pushed by a violent wave of people.
Please don’t anger me anymore!
Shut up!
......!
The inmate goes flying over three meters.
I hate violence. That’s why I don’t use it normally... But I can send you all to the hospital if I have to!
Sofurin is way stronger than I imagined.
I need to step up my game.
Minato! Minato!
......!
Watch your back!
Taeka lands a palm strike against a zombie inmate behind me.
You okay?
I love you.
She says “me too” and pushes forward.
The nun must be quick because we don’t even see her.
But there’s a path. We can move forward.
Tch, we have more numbers... When is that thing from the chapel going to get here?
I’ve brought it, Master Hanamaru...
Well done! Now we’re ready! Get in position, my zombies!
W-What was that noise?!
They got rifles!
Riot rifles.
Sister Julia had these stashed away in the prison.
Most of the zombie inmates are holding rifles.
Hahaha! I’ve always wanted to say this! Get in V-formation and fire!
Officer Yamagishi!
On it!
The similarly equipped officers retaliate with their own riot shotguns.
However, rifles and shotguns are not on the same power level.
I found the brats! Blast the Queen Bee’s subordinates full of holes like honeycomb!
I feel a chill run down my spine.
The barrels of their rifles point at me.
......!
Ngh!
A guard jumps out and shields us.
The hard-to-hear guard!
Don’t worry, go on ahead... We’ll pick back up where we left off when you get back...
The time I spent wasn’t wasted.
Take them to the medical ward! I’m counting on you!
The zombie inmates aren’t all too familiar with using the weapons.
Eeeep! Gah, gah, ngh...
I don’t know where the shots are going to go, but they’ll hurt if they hit you.
R-Run! Try to hide or we’ll get shot!
But the inmates fall into chaos in the face of the menacing guns.
Now the inmates who should’ve been part of our offense need to be protected instead.
It’s time to purge the fools who turn their backs on God! Fire!
We’re already short-handed, and now we’re losing our allies.
Deploy the SST. Position yourselves from points Alpha to Charlie and shield the inmates.
SST officers wielding shields appear in front of the barrage.
The hail of pellets are all bouncing right off.
Fight them off while helping the sickos evacuate. While injuries may be inevitable, at least make sure nobody is killed.
The SST officers continue to protect the inmates.
Captain Yugao—
Cannon Shot!
Over four miners get knocked over from the side.
This overwhelming destruction can only be—
Hanada, you son of a bitch!
Yugao sprung us from solitary! We’re here to save the day!
Hehehe... We’re itching to fight.
Boobies!
The Hatae Trio is back.
Oh, my! Looks like the crows are out from solitary! I guess we’re having chicken curry for dinner tonight!
Still got your shitty sense of humor I see! You’re the one who’s on the dinner menu tonight!
Hahaha! You sure know how to run your mouth! What dish would you make of me?
Something that highlights the ingredient! How about... a |dookie sandwich|?!
Cousin Umezu throws her toothpick.
It’s blocked by a cleaver, but she spits out another toothpick she has in her mouth.
Bitch!|M-My eye!
It hits her hard.
Javelin Spear!
Ahh!
Concentration One... Traveling Planet!
Gaaaaaaaah?!
Oh, you’re the one who threw me into solitary.
I’m on your side now. Heh, I feel like we’d get along.
That’s for me to decide... Hehe.
Red Red Meteor Burst!
The battle is intense.
Let’s go, Shuichiro. It’s our turn now!
Yeah!
We make our way through, sending inmates flying left and right.
The SST officers are fending off the zombie attackers.
That’s number twenty-one! So weak! They should be bringing cannons to make this fair, not rifles! How many have you taken out, Commander?
That was number thirty-one... Fushimigawa, keep your guard up. Make sure to knock them out.
Hold on, I’m just a victim who was used by Agatsuma!
Who are you again? Oh, Rin.
Yes! Your former colleague!
I didn’t know you were here. To be honest, everything was so hard to follow, I’m not even sure who the enemy is.
Then fine! We share the same interest! Let’s be pals here!
Yeah, okay. Ms. Hazuki told me to punch all the enemies, so I’ll think after I punch you.
Ahhhhhh! This is why I hate you First Squad morons!
We finally make it through the crowd.
And reach the gym.
Nobody is coming from behind, but we still sprint our way through.
Listen, Shuichiro, we’re about to enter the final fortress here!
Yeah!
We’re going to end everything here and now!
We kick open the door and enter the gym.
......
Looks like the other followers haven’t made it here. It’s just her.
Sister Julia is standing on top of the stage.
You got here faster than I thought. Looks like you caught up to me... I was so close to getting the generator. Haha.
She is still smiling in this situation.
Don’t move! One step, and I’ll shoot you right in the gut.
Taeka’s aiming one of the riot rifles we picked up along the way.
We’re the only ones here, Sister Julia!
In other words, it’s time to pay the piper. You’re finished, Agatsuma.
Pay the piper? Hahaha! God’s path is still clear! Take a look!
Sister Julia suddenly strips off her clothes.
She has dynamite strapped around her waist.
Hehehe, I had the mines under my control. I procured some explosives and kept them for a rainy day.
Now, the divine water.
She pours it on her head.
It’s a distinct smell, not the same as the previous divine water.
Gasoline?
Bingo. If there’s even a spark, this whole gym will get blown to bits.
You’re worse than the yakuza!
There’s more divine water! Here!
She pulls the rope for the curtains and gasoline gets poured everywhere.
Haha. Now even the tiniest of sparks could set off the dynamite. You still plan to shoot that rifle?
She’s stripped us of our advantage.
I’m sure even the reckless Hatae Clan is out of options.
There are over twenty meters to the nun.
Even if we sprinted, she could light herself on fire before we got to her.
Hahaha! Are you scared? I don’t really understand the feeling, but if you are, just wait there patiently.
Don’t worry. I really hate the term brainwashing. I’m just trying to save all of you.
There’s nothing to fear. Hahaha! You’ll be able to forget everything and live a happy life.
As long as you obey the word of God, you’ll be able to live with a smile on your face.
What value does a fake smile have?
There’s no world more miserable than one where you can’t even choose who to devote yourself to, you fake-ass nun.
Smiles that don’t last hold no meaning. Everything you’re saying is based on brainwashing logic.
You were crazy to begin with. Stop dragging everyone else into your madness! You can die alone, you psychopath!
Taeka poses dramatically.
Ngh, snff... Why?!
Sister Julia cries in response.
Psychopath, psychopath... Everyone calling me that since I was little... You don’t even know what that word means!
There is a look of pain on her face as tears stream down her eyes.
We need color! Color and emotions to paint the world! A color of warm, happy smiles!
She screams loudly, holding her own against the sounds of the storm.
People are happy when they smile! What’s wrong with smiling, then?! Does it matter what kind of smile it is?!
Smiles can save everyone! Smiles can save the world! That’s why I’m doing everything, so everyone can smile!
If you just listened and did what I say, everyone could be happy! Why can’t you understand that?!
Because of this.
Taeka grabs my shoulder and gives me a passionate kiss.
I can live a happy life full of smiles as long as I have him.
I don’t need anyone else’s help.
I feel the same way.
As long as I have Taeka, that’s all I’d need.
I don’t need instructions from anyone else.
Hahahaha! Hahaha!
She laughs maniacally.
You children wouldn’t understand what kind of place the world is! Just how wonderful a smile is and what it’s worth!
You poor things. That’s why I have to save you...
Hey... What are you so scared of?
What?
For some reason, I have a vague notion of what Sister Julia is thinking.
You always smile like that because you want people to think that you’re more emotional than most.
I don’t know why.
But actually, you can’t feel anything no matter what you do. Nothing is fun, nothing is moving, and nothing is sad.
But I feel it.
By overexaggerating them, you’re trying to make it seem like you have strong feelings!
Perhaps she’s a bit like me.
You’re just pretending to be human!
Her smile completely vanishes.
What an awful thing to say.
All that remains is her expressionless face and insect-like eyes.
It’s fine if you don’t understand. I knew there would be many idiots in the world... unfortunately.
Besides, it still remains that there is nothing you can do. If you value your life, then you should be cooperating with me.
Taeka said that this is the final fortress.
Yeah, I’m prepared to do what it takes.
Will you put your life into my hands?
Of course.
My life is yours.
There’s nothing I fear as long as I’m with Taeka.
Look at this, Sister Julia.
I strip off my clothes.
There around my groin is not my chastity belt.
D-Dynamite!
It’s explosives just like her.
This is real TNT.
Dynamite that Chisato brought to me.
So what? Ah! You want to blow yourself up along with me? That’s some real self-sacrifice!
Then be my guest! I find it romantic that we would both blow ourselves up, hahaha!
What would us dying here accomplish? It would only benefit that damn Calabash Bitch.
But now we’re on equal grounds.
Don’t worry, this TNT only has a blast radius of around twenty meters. Our explosives expert set it up, so there’s no mistake.
Not giving her the initiative is key.
So let’s make a bet, Sister Julia.
Big bets require big risk.
Light that match and throw it at the halfway point between us.
If we blow up, you win. If we survive, then we win.
This time, we’ll be betting our lives.
And we’ll be risking two lives to her one.
What merit does this bet have for me?
We’ll step back five meters when you throw the match. If you’re lucky, you might not get blown up. You’d win.
If my TNT gets lit, we’ll be the only ones getting blown up.
Sister Julia will get the generator unscathed.
Of course it will blow up. Especially with the gasoline vapors in the air.
Yes, you have the advantage here. Gambling is fun when the odds are against you. The madness makes it fun.
Sister Julia gives a sarcastic smile.
You’ll die.
No.
Taeka refutes.
We’ve got the yellow sun our side. Not some fishy ‘God.’ Something that brings about real miracles.
Or will your god not grant you the slightest of help despite praying to it every day?
At this stage, there’s no point in provoking her.
But this is a favorable bet for Sister Julia.
Then I accept this bet in the face of your resolve.
That’s because she’s the one who gets to throw the match.
Bring it on, you thug!
She lights the match, but the gasoline doesn’t get lit.
That’s why we left the door open.
The strong storm winds are ventilating the room.
As the Lord wills it!
The whole matchbox burns up, and the die is cast.
It’s not flying towards the midway point, but right towards us.
Hahaha! Unfair bets are more fun, right? Then take your miserable present!
But I don’t blame her for it at all.
I thought you would do that.
That’s because we weren’t planning on a fair bet either.
It’s staying flexible, taking the good with the bad.
Hyah!
The soaring matchbox...
...is deflected by something and sent flying.
What?!
Sister Julia follows its trajectory with her eyes.
It’s over in an instant.
......!
And instead of backing away, I step forward.
Kazan Shingan style focuses on breathing.
I aim for the middle and draw my fist back.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Gah?!
I explosively exhale from my diaphragm.
A clean hit!
My fist stings, and it’s too numb to open.
Taeka, I hit her!
Congratulations, well done.
My honed middle strike catches Sister Julia cleanly, and she staggers around with the wind knocked out of her.
Gah...! What...? How?!
Hehe, don’t underestimate a Hatae. We’re on a different level than your average yakuza.
Don’t you know... we have a |dirt dog| in our kennel?
Haaaaah... Faaaaah!
Ozawa is trembling as his body remains in the throwing position.
I-I did it! Hell yeah!
What he threw was a stone shaped like a penis.
W-What were you gonna do if I fucked up?
Then we’d die. That’s what gambling is.
Although, you can’t really call it gambling when you know you’re gonna win.
The electricity comes back on.
The monitor set in the gym is coming back on.
Gah... Ngh, gah...!
Sister Julia is still staggering around.
The New Testament brainwashing program is on the monitor.
At the same time, the sound of many footsteps enters the gym.
Hah, fuh...! We led all the zombie inmates here! What now?!
Good job. Mission accomplished. Just make sure you don’t look at the monitor.
What have you done...?
This.
Arameolapif.
The zombies all stop moving.
They become transfixed on the New Testament.
Beche.
Haha, now this is interesting. But also unsettling.
What?!
I hate that she’s getting all the glory... but we can leave the rest to her.
Captain Yugao quietly appears as her cane taps a staccato against the floor.
Uhh...? My devout puppae, pipitamis. Pokukunkusa, muhihipokukunkusa.
Anybody can conduct the brainwashing if they know the keywords.
My divine revelation was wrong. Everything I have taught you to be karnu was actually the evil hiwawaipi.
All of your potowoopie has been reset to nothing. The mopopporo was Sister Julia.
Now, my endub-furifuri. Now is the time for puffin. The hiwawaipi implanted in you by the popotamimi must be purged!
To release your soul... Hehe... Yes, let us conduct a rayvol here and now!
What?! You’re not...!
It’s time you face the consequences of your actions... You’re gonna get dicked, Agatsuma.
Come, my poor sheep who entrusted their own path to another!
And at that signal, the zombie inmates attack Sister Julia.
Stop! Don’t! My followers... Do not sully a nun!
But Sister Julia has yet to catch her breath and is unable to say the keywords clearly.
A-Arame...! Arame! Ngh! Hngh! Gah!
She’s quickly penetrated by dicks, unable to form the words she needs.
Ngh! Hah! Ngh, ah! You were... planning this!
And for the first time, Sister Julia has a human expression on her face.
You already realized that orgasm was the trigger...!
It is one of deep despair.
You planned to... undo the brainwashing with my body!
Mixed with pleasure.
Is this the plan|that you drew up?!
Yes. I’m a pretty good artist, you know. I don’t look it, do I?
Taeka answers coolly.
(END)
