Sounds like some real bullying.
Ran says that in our now-familiar spot.
In a way, a prison is even more cramped a space than a school, so... that’s not uncommon.
The strong eat the weak... This prison’s like a microcosm of the cruel world out there.
I had thought that Tulip Prison was, in a way, a place of equality.
A place, I’d hoped, where I’d find more acceptance and understanding than I had outside, at least.
A shame. We’re all the same here—all sex criminals.
You’re right about that, but... this is reality. People here exaggerate the crimes they’ve done and use that to climb ranks. It’s almost laughable, really, but that’s the reality.
Those who commit serious crimes are looked up to, in a way, by the other prisoners.
They’re seen as higher-order sickos, as it were.
So we’ve got people like those guys over there.
I follow her eyes to see that Ozawa character and his goons, crouched over and chatting.
Tormenting people just because they have some free time, insulting and hurting others because they’re stressed out... They’re people who can’t live any other way.
That’s... why you can’t trust anyone too easily in here.
You never know when someone is going to undermine you.
That’s Tulip Prison.
Didn’t you say you have bad eyesight?
Well, it’s more like... I can just feel it in my heart. Ever since my eyes and ears got worse, I can just... feel where people are. Vibes, you know?
Shit, he almost saw through the lie I told just to get my arms around him!
Ran really is amazing.
Ahem. Anyway, you really want to stay away from that crowd.
......
She tells me to avoid trouble if I want to live here peacefully.
They weren’t lying, though. That’s what’s so dangerous about this facility. The weak turn to the strong for help, and the strong gobble up the weak that don’t.
That does sound wise.
So that’s how people form cliques and gangs?
Normally, yeah. Most people can’t live on their own, so I really think you should find friends who’ll protect you.
This isn’t a school, but a dangerous prison.
Still, don’t like living in crowds.
And more importantly.
I... want to help her.
Huh?
I want to save Drone Girl. As atonement.
Atonement? Shuichiro, didn’t you say you didn’t think you’d done anything wrong?
I don’t think I did something even the least bit wrong.
To me, my actions are artistic. I don’t see them as perverse or sexual.
I think Penis is a pretty good name, too.
......
But it looks like I hurt someone.
Even if I didn’t mean to.
Even as strongly as I believe in the beauty and glory of exhibitionism.
If it hurt someone, then I’m sure it’s probably a bad thing.
So...?
I want to help someone to make up for those I’ve hurt.
Even if it’s just for self-satisfaction, that’s what I want to do.
When I do that, I’m sure I’ll be able to write a letter of apology to her and her dog, Penis.
Then I’m sure I’ll be able to sleep at night.
You may be young, but you’ve really been thinking things through, huh? Working through all those emotions...
I don’t actually know how to help her, though.
All this thinking may be pointless.
Oh, there’s a way to help her. Only one.
This is just a pecking order problem. If someone looks down on you, they’ll go in for the bully.
Pecking order?
Yeah. So if you can make people around you think you’re really something, they won’t bother you.
And I know what impresses people around here.
That’s right. It’s about how much of a sicko you are.
People here boast about their crimes and use them to wield superiority over others.
If I manage to show even stronger perversion, however, they’ll be forced to show some measure of respect.
Have you heard of loophole banging...?
That was the sex act they were talking about, the one that’s hard to punish even if caught.
Right. They also call it a risky bang.
Take age play, for example. If you sink to the intellectual level of a baby—then you can hug, or let someone spoil you, and get away with it. After all, what else is a baby supposed to do?
They punish you just for adjusting your crotch in Tulip Prison.
Can you really pull off something that dangerous?
The name ‘risky bang’ might sound pretty imposing, but that’s about it.
It really does sound risky...
And since we call this risky, what do you think happens if you do the real thing?
The real thing? What do you mean?
Kissing.
......!
They call even dropping your mental age and getting hugs a “loophole” or “risky” in here.
What would happen, then, if you actually brought your lips to another’s?
Deep and real hot, too.
......
It would be unthinkable.
Absolutely unthinkable. That’s what I think.
But to kiss someone you need, well, someone to kiss.
It’s not something you can do on your own.
How about me?
I’ll... I’ll kiss you.
She up and says it with her usual bashful smile.
A slight red decorates her cheeks.
You mean, pretend?
Haha, well, if someone asks you what it’s like, could you answer them? The facility’s full of people with lots of experience. I mean, they are sex criminals.
She makes a good point.
I can’t provide a satisfactory answer unless I actually do it.
......
Would it be wise, though? Allowed?
Why hesitate?
I mean. It’s a kiss.
Yeah. It’s a kiss.
That should be really perverted, right?
Yeah, I’ll be getting my tongue in.
I don’t think anyone in my class has done it before.
Sounds like you’ll be the first.
But Ran, I think that...
It’s okay.
I feel like... it’d be fine if it’s you.
......
For some reason, I feel like Ran’s eyes are bigger than normal.
They look wet, with a vivid moisture to them.
This might sound weird as a replacement, but... hey.
Could I pet your head?
My head?
I said I had a little brother, right? Well... he shaved his head too.
Now, it’s not that I want to think of you as my brother, it’s just... er, well...
It’s fine. I don’t mind.
Think of me however you’d like.
Haha. Thanks.
Her soft chest brushes against my shoulder.
I’m sure of it.
I’m not getting the wrong idea.
There, there, good boy, good Shuichiro...
......
She definitely likes me.
You know, this kind of calms me down...
Once again, I’m sure of it, I think to myself.
Ran takes me down a path I’ve never been before, her pace a light run.
So this is a good place, huh?
I’ve brought out my jacket like she told me to.
She mentioned that if you’re going to move around the facility, you should wear it.
Yeah. It’d be awful if someone popped up while we were at it, right?
She goes off the paved path.
There are plenty of similar-looking pathways in the prison, but guards will come flying if you step slightly away from the designated walkway.
Don’t worry, no one’s going to find us this way.
And no one does.
As if this is fate, we pass by no one.
No one’s going to show up. Not here.
We come to a pathway surrounded by fencing.
It’s near the sea, so I hear the calm sound of waves.
......
Ahaha, nervous?
I would... be lying if I said I wasn’t.
Ahaha, well, don’t worry. Just leave everything to me! I’ve got a little bit of experience, y’know.
She brings herself closer to my chest.
The setting sun’s rays are on her face as she looks up at me. She’s beautiful.
I feel like I could fall into your eyes.
I feel like I could fall into her eyes.
Hey... how about you take this off?
My uniform?
You love showing all of yourself off, right? I want you to have your first time in your favorite, most natural form...
......
I want to experience and accept the art you love so much, too.
So... you know?
I nod and strip.
A cold breeze passes over my raw crotch.
A familiar feeling. The core of exhibitionism, really.
At the same time, my heart beats at a rapid rhythm.
Haha, what a beautiful body you’ve got. Well, here goes...
I’m going to have my first kiss.
I’m going to touch those beautiful red lips.
Keep your eyes closed, okay?
It’s going to be me and her.
We’re going to kiss.
With tongue.
Mmm...
Here comes my first kiss.
Hhhh...
My first time, in prison no—
HEEEEEEEEEEELP! HE’S GOING TO STRIP ME BAAAAAARE!
An ear-splitting scream rocks my senses.
I reflexively cover both ears.
Hm? What’s goin’ on here?!
Get over here quick! This sicko’s gonna get meeeee!
Who the hell is screaming outside of our surveillance range? Name yourself!
T-This weird guy, this exhibitionist, he called me out someplace far off and empty and demanded I get naked too!
Hn...?!
What?! Is that true?!
No, it’s—
He’s saying it’s not true!
He told me he’d show me the glory of exposure... and tried to do a loophole bang with me!
Is that true?!
We saw it too! She was telling him to stop, but he got naked in front of her anyway!
Now that I can believe!
I am struck to the ground, stark naked.
You sick exhibitionist, you twisted cumbrain! What, did the weight of your clothes finally become too much to bear?!
Hold him down! I forgot my radio, so I’ll call the SST directly!
I still cannot process what is going on.
......
I figure there must be a mistake somewhere.
R-Ran...
Ah... haha...
Ahhhhyahyahhyahhyah!
She lets out the most pure of belly laughs.
The others burst out laughing, following suit.
Hahaha! Man, there’s nothin’ like messing with an innocent little virgin dumbass, huh, Miss Hanamaru?
You know it! And this nudist punk from the Obscenity Ward folded so easy! Gyahahaha!
......
You want to ‘make up for what you’ve done’ by saving her? Hah! You know how hard it was to stop myself from laughing my ass off when I heard that?!
You can’t get pregnant from kissing, dumbass!
And Penis isn’t a good name for a dog! It sucks!
Did you not listen to my warnings? Don’t trust easy in the facility, I told you! Get someone to protect you if you’re weak, I told you!
She pushes my chin up with her toes and bends down.
But... why?
Why? Isn’t it obvious? I was just bored!
That wasn’t the face of the Ran Hanamaru I knew.
There’s not a damn thing to do in here, so we all get stressed out pretty easy. This just happens to be a nice way to let off steam!
Her soft smile and bashful laugh are gone.
It’s not like we’re the bad guys here, you know? We offered to let you join us, and guess who refused? So you can’t really complain if we dish out a little
She looks just like the others. The ones who dumped water over Drone Girl.
Hahaha! God, there really is nothing like the joy of taking a dumbass kid like you for a ride!
All that remains on her face is the twisted, ugly smile of someone convinced of her own superiority.
And it’s even better if it’s a pissant Dandelion kid, too! How’s it feel, then? How’s it feel to be done in by some shitty brat girl?
......
Then, back at the phones...
Why did you help me?
Huh?
That was alllllllllll a lie, you fucking duuuuuuuuuumbass!
(END)
I was restrained by the officer after that.
They spared me from solitary since it was a first offense, but they took me on the Walk of Shame.
I was dragged across the premises for about four kilometers, cock-first.
I didn’t lose my dong, but it really hiked up the foreskin.
I don’t know what happened to my score.
I’m sure it went up a lot.
Officer Yamagishi said she’d be keeping a closer eye on me before she took her leave.
The problems start the following day.
There’s trash in my breakfast.
......
I find bits of flyer paper in my rice, and a shell in my rolled egg.
There was trash in my food. May I have another set?
You come to my counter and complain about my food? You keep that up and I’m putting a toothpick through your eye!
......
Tormenting other prisoners through their food is apparently a common practice.
If you can’t eat just about anything here, your body won’t survive.
The winds from the sea chill to the bone, and the body needs calories.
It’s... not very good.
Even after taking the main chunks out, the little paper bits won’t leave my plastic bowl.
The normally tasty wheat rice has lost all its flavor.
......
I see strands of long hair tangled around what little fried tofu I have.
Heheheh...
I see Ran in the distance.
Hahahah...
No. Not Ran, Rin. Rin Hanamaru, grinning in the distance.
Chatter while walking is forbidden and gets you charged for Inappropriate Conversation.
Because there are so many prisoners, however, no one gets clamped down for whispering.
If they see me talking with you, they’ll come after me too and smash my heels like a used old slipper... Sorry.
Eventually, everyone stopped talking to me.
As the teary-faced woman nervously looks away from me, I feel someone poke me in the back of my head.
Just when I thought I smelled smegma... It’s that Dickelion kid.
Two women I don’t know are formed up behind me.
You got arrested butt-naked with your dick out, right? What a loser!
Showing off your dick and getting all excited about it—that really is the kind of weak shit you’d expect from a Dickelion boy.
I’ve seen them a few times.
They’re that pair from the Sex Crimes Ward, if memory serves.
I tied up over a hundred men, molded them into my sex slaves, and forced ’em to pay me a cockload of money for the favor! I had guys from age nineteen to eighty-five!
I love preparing people’s anuses for sex, and I’ve put a colostomy in over 69 limpdicks! They were moaning the whole time, too, so what the hell am I doing here?
Your mommy and daddy must have been so sad you got caught for something as pathetic as exhibitionism! Did they cry at the trial?
Like hell, they’d be crying with how they raised you! They were probably kicking themselves in the gallery, gyahaha!
If you left 69 people with colostomies, you’re just not good at anal.
Excuse me? What’d you just say?
And how about saying you got an assload of money instead? That fits with your friend.
Don’t talk like you know shit, Dickelion!
The anus destroyer turns her wrath to my crotch with a kick.
Her toes rub my lower head, leaving my dick out of its comfortable position in my prison suit.
I reflexively put it back in its proper position, but that’s my fatal mistake.
You son of a bitch! Did you just reach down to your crotch just now? Crotch Rubbing during a march—what are you trying to pull?!
The guard on duty immediately comes running.
I was just adjusting it a little.
Don’t try to hit me with that oh-so-relatable appeal! You think I know what it’s like to have a cock, much less one in need of adjustment? Sorry, pal, but you’re not getting away with this one!
Here’s your punishment: no afternoon break or lunch, and two hours of sitting on your knees thinking about what you’ve done!
......
She doesn’t even give me the opportunity to present an excuse. She turns around and hurries off like she really has somewhere to be.
Heheheh... Serves you right, punk!
I get it.
That’s what you get for messing with us, little Dickelion.
I’m already surrounded by enemies.
Ultimately, I didn’t get to eat lunch.
Instead, I had to sit on my knees in reflection while a guard watched over me.
With her grumbling about having to watch over me during lunchtime, of course.
I’m in something of a big appetite stage of my life, so she’s not the only one suffering.
It feels like I could wolf a meal down even if it had paper or shells mixed into it and ask for seconds.
A pair of prisoners stand in complete contrast to me, being showered with praise instead of beratements.
Boss, I cleaned the windows during break time!
I finished cleaning up the dishes and throwing out the trash, ma’am!
Good job. Most would shirk at having to clean up cold food.
Oh, not at all, not at all! All in a day’s work!
W-Whaaat? B-But that was all meeee...
When I caught sight of them a while ago, someone from the Obscenity Ward was being made to clean up all the leftover food.
Which means they had a flunky do all the work and then took all the credit.
That’s how they got on the guards’ good sides.
In the face of that, I...
Heh... Pff, haha, ahaha! God, it’s so funny!
I was just a handy toy for her to kill time with.
It looks like you’ve really gotten on their bad side.
Looks like it.
I sit down on my bed and lean my back against the cold wall.
I decide to distract myself from my empty stomach by sleeping.
A hot bowl of wheat rice will await me in the morning.
I hope morning comes soon for you, Shuichiro.
I’ll be fine, Amatsu. I can take it.
I’m used to enduring.
When I close my eyes, her face naturally floats to mind.
Ran Hanamaru.
Or, rather, Rin Hanamaru.
A kindhearted woman who saved me in my time of need.
The first ally I found in Tulip Prison.
So what’s your next move, Shuichiro?
Good question.
It was all a fantasy.
I thought she liked me. I was wrong.
I was just a toy to her.
She probably won’t be the only one, either.
I think I’ll be depressed for a while.
Number 0720, stand up.
Hm?
I told you to stand!
Out of nowhere comes the officer on duty tonight, Officer Yamagishi, better known as Ahegao.
Word has it that you indulged in a loophole bang a few hours ago. Is that true?
It is not.
Don’t you lie to me! Obscenity Ward Captain Shikolenko hates nothing more than that base debauchery, and your playing dumb won’t make it easier on you!
I do not know how to do it.
The term “loophole bang” refers to the bawdy, borderline sexual acts those other prisoners were talking about.
How am I supposed to have done such a thing in my cell?
You’re really going to keep on playing dumb, huh, wise guy?
A certain term flits through my head.
Masturbation snitching.
A way to bring down other prisoners using the guards.
She glares at me, veins popping.
I know those eyes. I know them well.
Pure, genuine disgust.
There were no traces of nocturnal emissions on your underwear, proving that you’ve been engaging in Crotch Rubbing!
There must be some kind of mistake. Last night I had a wet—
You think you’re smart?!
I know this reaction.
I know that when people act out of disgust, there’s no limit to what they’ll do.
You were pretending this blanket was your mommy and engaging in some babyplay, weren’t you?!
I was not.
Then why are the sheets this scattered?! Were you pretending your bed was a woman and enjoying taking off her clothes? I hear men love stripping women!
I was not.
Enough with the lies! Don’t think you’ll get a goddamn wink of sleep until you come clean!
The interrogation looks like it’s going to continue.
It continued until morning.
Good grief. I’ve never seen a sicko this tight-lipped before.
I only taste relative freedom after breakfast.
‘Not as tight as your pussy,’ is that what you want to say?
......
No more drawing suspicion, you! Now, off with you!
I arrive at the paper room both hungry and sleep-deprived.
Work begins at eight o’clock on the dot.
......
My head is heavy, and my body doesn’t move as I wish it.
That concludes the hand-rubbing. Now, commence labor!
If you so much as yawn on the job, you’ll get a swift smack upside the head with her baton.
......
For the first time in my life, I realize how quickly sleep deprivation and hunger can wear away at the body.
Still dizzy, I finally make it to lunchtime.
I need to eat something. Anything.
Excuse me. Bathroom, please.
As the thought of finally getting some food comes to me, what wants to come out wants to come out.
Hey, he’s in! Quick, bring the bucket!
Okay, here goes! Heave, whore!
......
W-What happened to you?!
Er... What is the meaning of this, coming into the cafeteria soaking wet? Prisoner number, now!
Number 0720.
Why are you soaked from head to toe...? This some kind of sick metaphor?!
It is not.
Don’t give me that shit, you cumbrain! Ah, I get it! You’re thinking you can strip your clothes off and have us guards wipe you down if you get wet!
When I went into the bathroom, water came pouring down on me.
Hold still there until you dry.
Not a step if there’s a single drop on you! I swear, these S-classes just get worse by the day!
The delicious scents of the cafeteria assail my nostrils.
Today is the day everyone has been waiting for with bated breath: curry.
......
Never had I imagined that wonderful smells could be so devastating. Now I know.
......
It seems your stomach starts to really hurt when it’s been empty for too long.
Add sleep deprivation into the mix and my consciousness is fading in and out.
Could you halve that paper for me? There’s a paper cutter over there, so use that.
Sure thing...
The officer’ll be mad if you don’t hurry, so get to it.
The predictable sounds of the factory dull my thinking further.
I take the paper from him and take sure, careful steps.
It’s another six hours to go until dinner.
I just need to hold out until then.
0720, do NOT move!
All sound stops.
Today’s officer on duty, Captain Shikolenko, comes running from behind and grabs me with an intense expression.
Do you have any idea what that is?!
A paper cutter, ri—
That’s right, a paper cutter, and a particularly strong one at that! A wrong move and it’ll lop your arm off!
Which is why you need to ask a guard for supervision when using it!
Today is my first time being sent to the paper cutter.
No one told me this.
Now why, pray tell, are you using it on your own?! That thing is no toy!
I was told this was an urgent job.
Obviously not! Did you not check the schedule? There’s no paper cutter work today, it’s all notebook binding!
But that guy asked me to—
I told you not to move!
I feel a heavy pain run through my side.
It takes me a while to realize I’ve been struck square in the solar plexus.
How many times have I told you that you are to stay absolutely still when an officer calls to you? Have you forgotten that much?!
I was just doing the job I had been asked to.
Asked to by the other prisoner over there.
Heh, heh, heh...!
Ahh. I see.
That’s what this is.
I can’t let someone so absent-minded and reckless work somewhere as dangerous as the paper room.
Looks like I really am stupid.
I’ve no choice but to send you elsewhere.
I can’t believe I fell for something so obvious.
(END)
The laundry room is a place of manual labor.
It has a poor reputation among the prisoners, and no one wants to work here.
W-We mainly do laundry here. Basically, we wash a lot of clothes.
In charge of the laundry room is a woman who looks to be five years my senior.
Everyone calls her Crappymori. She sucks up to the guards a lot.
I’m not the only one who’s been condemned here, either.
Hey.
Drone Girl.
She’s a lot thinner than the last time I saw her, and her face is much paler, as well.
Yet unlike me, she has kept up that aloof air about her.
......
Her face gives me a sense of deja vu, but I can’t quite put my finger on it.
In Tulip Prison, prisoner uniforms are washed every two days.
Sheets are washed once a week; jackets, from time to time.
If there are, say, eight hundred prisoners in total, that means we’re washing clothes for four hundred people every day.
On top of that, we have to wash the clothes of the guards who live in the dorms too.
We also wash the clothes that come in from hotels and guesthouses from neighboring islands, too. There’s a lot to wash.
If the bosses’ clothes are still dirty after running them through the machines, w-we work them by hand. The scrub brushes and buckets are over there.
They’ll really praise you if you make their clothes spotless, s-so it’s really good for your score! Eheh, eheh...
......
Hey, the next batch of laundry’s here! Start checking it!
Clothes are carried in inside large bags, and divided by number into piles of bags.
The jackets, suits, and underwear each have little holes in them and are bound together by a string with a tag that holds the prisoner number.
This is all to make cleaning and returning the clothes in sets a lot easier.
I’m honestly impressed with the system, I think to myself.
Number 0530, nocturnal emission present!
But we don’t actually put them all into the big washing machines. Not yet.
Number 0421, nocturnal emission absent!
The team sifts through and checks the prisoners’ underwear.
Number 0702, vaginal discharge detected!
They then report their findings to the officer on duty.
Number 0831 has been without nocturnal emissions for a week. Strange. There’s no way Old Man Splash wouldn’t have a single wet dream...
This is how the guards keep track of our ongoing state of celibacy.
......
Some of the underwear is covered in vaginal juice. I don’t like that much.
Hey, creepshot girl! How about you check this underwear in Exhibitiman’s place, huh?
You love taking vids of men cumming while touching yourself, right? Well, aren’t you lucky! You’ve found yourself the perfect job!
......
Heheh... don’t even think of putting on gloves, you’re doing this all barehanded. Got it? Come on, let’s hear an answer!
Sure.
With a one-word response, she grips the underwear with her bare hands.
Semen from a wet dream immediately sticks to her hand.
Hey, what the hell do you think you’re doing?
This is the laundry room, you slut! Don’t be touching underwear from the outside with those filthy hands!
Then what am I supposed to do?
W-Wipe it off on your own! Eheh, eheheh!
......
She nods and wipes her hand on another pair of underwear when no one’s looking.
Impressively adaptable, I think to myself.
Y-You’ll go blind if you get this detergent gets in your eyes, s-so make sure you’re careful... Eheh, eheheh...
......
There’s something overwhelming about mixing the scent of semen into the already-heated laundry room.
The room always has the dryers running, so it is as hot as it gets.
Phew... Hah...!
The dryer in front of me is immense. It could easily fit three large men inside.
I’m not sure if this is actually true, but I heard someone went in as a joke and ended up dead.
I push the basket cart.
Hey, rookie! Take the dried clothes over there and organize them! Hurry up!
There are dozens, no, hundreds of people’s clothes in there. It’s far too heavy.
Bringing them back and forth gets my hips hurting pretty quickly.
There’s a room behind the laundry room where clean clothes are meant to be kept.
It’s far in the back with a small corridor and a tiny window up the wall.
So this is what that nocturnal emission on my underwear business was about... I get it now.
Indeed. Given a lackey in here, planting evidence would be easy.
All they had to do was wipe my ejaculate from my underwear and say there was none to get the guards on my case.
I suppose you can get busted without even busting a nut.
Indeed...
If my tormentors can manipulate the guards at will, I’ll have to be even more careful.
If I want to keep safe, anyway.
What do you ‘get now’?
I turn around to see Drone Girl standing with a large basket.
Sounded like you were talking with someone. You’re not alone, are you?
I was just talking to myself.
She always seems to keep her lips pursed.
She brushes away her two high tails, places the laundry basket down, and then turns to me after a short pause.
I don’t remember asking you to help me.
Hm?
I’m talking about back at the phones. I didn’t ask you to help me.
Oh. When she was being bullied.
You did not.
Then why did you do that?
She sounds less than invested in any answer I have.
It was like a compulsion, I think. Pride, you could say?
Pride?
I couldn’t not do it, is all.
So self-satisfaction, then.
Right.
We aren’t friends or comrades.
I don’t need to speak of my heart any further.
Besides, I’m not in a mental state where I can trust others too easily.
Then it’s nothing I need to care about.
We may be in the same boat, but there’s no need to join hands.
We can just suffer alone.
Exhibitiman, I-I’d like you to be the day’s custodian and deliver the clean clothes.
A “custodian” in the prison is just a laundry deliveryman, essentially.
The front of each cell has the prisoner’s number written on a plate, so you go in and put their folded clothes with the matching number on the bed.
This entails, of course, moving throughout the facility.
Custodian is apparently one of the few roles that lets you move freely throughout the prison on the job.
This is another thing Rin Hanamaru taught me.
You’ll be dealing with a lot of clothes, so s-sorry, but I think you should go with Drone Girl.
Since we aren’t allowed to enter the cells of the opposite sex, custodians work as a male-female pair.
It’s tough, demanding physical labor, but I’m in no position to refuse.
Understood.
Oh! Er, t-this is the password.
She hands me a piece of paper.
‘Gizmenau.’
I-It’s the password that proves you’re the day’s custodian. It’s needed so other prisoners don’t just, y-you know, walk around, so the bosses give me the new one every day.
Drone Girl and I head for the cells, large basket in tow.
......
......
We don’t speak much on the way.
With the exception of one brief exchange.
What’s the matter?
Nothing.
That was it.
......
......
We aren’t friends.
We have nothing to talk about.
We’re at the cell ward entrance. What now?
The entrance to the underground cells is located in the cafeteria.
The thick door is closed tight, except when the prisoners go in and out en masse.
We say the password, apparently.
I pull out the paper to make sure.
Under the strange password of “Gizmenau” are some written instructions.
Say it slowly so it’s easier to understand.
And as loudly and as clearly as possible.
Gizz mii nauu...
Nn?!
Saying it out loud, I realize what it sounds like.
Gizmenau.
Kiss me now.
It’s a trap.
Sounds like someone’s looking to lock lips! Identify yourself! SST, be on standby!
I hear Officer Yamagishi and the sound of multiple leather boots gathering.
Quit gawking and let’s get out of here!
They won’t give us time to explain ourselves! They’ll treat this like they’ve caught us in the act!
Ghk! Wait, we have to hide the laundry basket before that.
We push the basket into the supplies where it won’t stand out too much and get running.
I know I heard the sound from here... Watchtower! Hey, Kobayashi! Tch, is she goofing off again?!
The voice and footsteps get closer and closer.
I recognize this path as one I’ve been down before.
Tch... Where can we go?!
This way!
We dive into the shadow of an old building near the sea.
Phew... Haa...
Hah, hah...
What is going on?! Where’s our culprit?
I calm my racing heart and close my eyes, forcing clarity into my ears.
Are you sure you’re not just pent up and hearing things?
It doesn’t look like they’ve noticed us.
Come again? I can’t hear what you’re mumbling over the waves!
Their voices grow farther and farther away.
It... sounds like they’re gone.
Phew... Yeah...
If a guard or the security team had caught us, well.
It’d go like this.
Or maybe this.
Gh...
In other words, this was a setup.
Mind explaining?
Ah, ahh!
We found Crappymori organizing the clean clothes in the back of the laundry room.
S-Someone will... Er, I-I’ll call for help!
I’m much too angry to care.
Crappymori is from the Obscenity Ward.
You would expect her to be on our side.
L-Listen, I had no choice, all right?!
I’ve got even more trauma around kissing now, and it’s all your fault.
I-I’m just someone from the Obscenity Ward. I can’t go against someone from Sex Crimes!
So you sold off some fellow Dandelions?
I-I’m not a sicko! I don’t want to be associated with some weirdo who gets off on being naked in public!
What are you doing in here if you’re not a sicko?
I had sex with a minor, but I didn’t know! H-He lied to me!
You didn’t know he was younger than you?
Y-Yeah, I, I didn’t know!
Really?
I was deceiiived!
Is that really what happened?
I couldn’t tell, okay?!
So you had no idea?!
B-Because he had one of those baseball club bags!
Sounds like you should have noticed from the start.
I let him do it because he asked, okay?! S-Sure, I shouldn’t have made him cum inside. M-Maybe then he wouldn’t have gotten scared and tattled to his parents... T-They called it child prostitution...!
Younger guys, they just have no sense of responsibility, y-you know? So they always try to blame things on the woman... T-That’s why we have to castrate as many of them as possible!
So you won’t mind if they neuter us too, then?
It strikes me. Crappymori... and maybe most of the workers at the laundry room are in Hanamaru’s group’s pocket.
Aha, ahaha! T-This is kind of funny... Yeah, yeah, what I’m doing is right! I’m doing the right thing, so that’s why the bosses don’t get mad at me!
They have the power over this workplace.
In other words, they set this whole thing up from the first step.
Don’t you feel guilty at all?
G-Guilty? Why, when I don’t know anything? I-I haven’t done a thing... N-None of it’s my fault! Nothing’s my fault, aha, ahaha...
What’s worse, prisoners won’t hesitate to sabotage one another and tear each other down.
Y-You haven’t finished your day’s work yet! H-Hurry, get back to your custodian duties!
......
If she doesn’t feel bad about it, there’s nothing I can do.
B-Bring back the basket next time, okay? Heh, ehehe...
I just need to endure. This won’t last forever.
(END)
The intense manual labor has left my arms swollen and hot.
I wonder if this will happen less if I build muscle.
Five... to seven.
Evening break has ended and most of the prisoners have gathered in the cafeteria.
The guards change shifts right before, creating a short opening right before dinner.
For three minutes, prisoners rule a guard-less space.
Dear diners, may I have your attention!
Right then, a distressingly clear voice echoes throughout the room.
Get a load of this. This pile of our freshly cleaned clothes made all filthy!
Ozawa, the Mad Dog of Hatae, kicks the laundry basket from its cart.
Out tumble prison clothes sullied in brown and yellow, splashing liquid as they fall.
The folks at the laundry room were cryin’ their eyes out, I tell ya. They broke their backs to clean these clothes, and before they knew it, they were covered in this shit!
And guess who was carrying the laundry today? Only one guy—him!
All eyes gather on me.
That’s... awful. My clothes are covered in cum and pussy juice and... some other weird liquid!
Now what are we supposed to wear tomorrow?
Clothing is a practical problem, one that everyone has to deal with from tomorrow on.
When dealing with such an essential issue, anyone would overreact.
How long are you gonna act like this don’t concern you? C’mon, stand the fuck up!
Drone Girl and I stand up.
The prisoners sitting next to us all pull back.
You can’t get this kind of mess with a little oopsie-woopsie, can you? And even if you did, why didn’t you tell someone right away?
Yeah, what she said! If you’d reported it, you coulda gotten them clean again during working hours!
Eyes of disgust and indignation are on us.
I can feel the stress of the room coalescing our way.
......
Seriously? I’m tired as hell, and now I’ve got no clothes?
Hey, isn’t that the guy who was doing a loophole bang in his cell and got a guard on his case?
Now we’ve made enemies not only of the other cell wards but of our fellow Dandelions as well.
......
Wait, don’t tell me you’re such big fans of exhibitionism that you went and messed up everyone’s clothes.
Oh, you’ve got to be fucking kidding me. I can’t afford to get roped into your fetishes!
If you want to show off your cock and pussy that much, do it on your own!
How’re you gonna make up for this, limpdick?!
You son of a bitch...!
The rage starts small but grows into a wave of insults.
Captain Cock-out and Creepshot Girl, how long you going to stand there looking all cool and smug?!
You look like you’re shakin’ in your boots! How you gonna say you love throwing your clothes off when you’ve proudly got that turtleneck on?!
You gonna roll up your sleeves and roll off your shirt to clean our dirty clothes? Keep the stripping to yourself, freak!
More and more hostility focuses on us.
You know, everyone’s clothes are filthy, but your duds are all nice and clean. What’s up with that?!
Really, I thought that was fine. That all this was fine.
Yeah! It only makes sense for the two of you to strip down and apologize to everyone!
If I don’t worry about it, don’t focus on it, the insults and hostility will end eventually.
Take it off! Take it off!
If this is my punishment.
I’ll take it.
Wh—!?
Huh?!
Or, so I thought.
Taking off my clothes isn’t some sicko act. It’s not for my own sexual gratification.
Simply enduring is easy to do.
Excuse me...?
It’s something I’m no stranger to, after all.
Still.
There are two things even I can’t simply take in stride.
Exhibitionism isn’t simply about exposing your nether regions.
The first is people mocking my friends.
You have to mold a body to show off, arrange the situation, and calculate the perfect timing to strip off your garments...
It’s with all three in concert that expression is born.
Exhibitionism, then, is a synthesis of arts.
It is fundamentally different from the pretend games played by those who boast about how much they’ve hurt others.
......
And the second...
Y-You piece of shit...!
...is people mocking the naked body.
I take pride in the act of stripping my clothes.
Exhibitionism exists because clothes do. I am not so shallow as to find any value in forcing nudity on others by depriving them of clothes, either.
To do so would be to commit blasphemy against the act of exposure. To deny all that I am.
And me...?
Don’t talk shit to distract us!
By stripping my clothes, I can recognize my own existence.
You’re just enjoying showing off your cock, you weirdo!
I can feel truly alive.
Big talk for someone in the buff!
To me, this is expression.
Nudity is self-expression.
I strip my clothes to express who I am.
I will continue to strip.
You’re just a fucking streaker, don’t—
You have no right!
Not
The room grows quiet.
...The one who put me in this mess saved me once, too. I’d been planning to go on enduring in silence.
I look around, letting my eyes slowly wander.
And if that were the end of it, then yes, I would have been the sandbag you needed.
If that would make the troubles pass, I would suffer alone.
Yet you just mocked the act of exhibitionism itself.
I don’t care who you are. If you insult the naked body, I will show no mercy.
I will wring you out like briefs in the washing machine.
......?!
And I will bring the hammer down. I will push you to the depths of hell and make you feel regret like never before.
......!
If you’re going to scoff at the act of stripping, going to laugh at the act of exhibitionism...
...I will bury you.
......!
Phew... Officer Yamagishi really knows how to go on for... Hm? What’s going on here?!
Number 0720, why in the world are you naked?! SST, detain him, now!
Why’re you naked...?
The masked security team member slams me to the ground and twists my arm.
You again?! Can you do nothing but cause trouble? Take him away!
......
They take me away with my hands behind my back.
I’m dragged along the ground.
But I don’t look away.
Until the very last moment...
...I keep on glaring at them.
He said we were just playing pretend games?! Me, who’s ruined ten million yen worth of art with her piss?!
Dickelion exhibitionist kid, thinking he can look down on us!
But, like, he had this... unique vibe to him. Kinda makes you feel you gotta shut up when he’s talking... right, Hanamaru?
Huh? Who gives a shit about that?
Become the sandbag I ‘needed’ him to be? Big words from someone who was head over heels for me!
Tch! All right, Exhibitiman, I’ll make you sorry for mouthing off at me...!
(END)
Several days have passed, but the bullying continues.
Exhibitiman! Hey, Exhibitiman! What the hell are you faffing about for? Go get these ten cards into the storeroom, pronto!
I’m given far more work in a day than I can possibly complete.
Meanwhile, other people are sitting in chairs and yawning.
It’s the day after grated yams for dinner, yet one pair of underwear isn’t stained... Strange...
Hey! Give me that! God, I’m so busy... L-Let’s get the day’s work done quick, guys!
When the guard on duty shows her face, though, the whole room snaps into pretending to work.
(It seems to me, Shuichiro, that our tormentors are after something different now.)
(Yeah. They’ve gotten more aggressive.)
Since that dinner, they’ve messed with me directly a lot more.
Once, I returned to my cell to find that my sheets had been changed to a rougher set.
The stiff kinds you’d find at a hotel.
I got under the sheets, not really minding. Shock awaited me.
Ghk...!
The rough feel of the sheets tickled my nipples, even through my suit.
My sheets’ heavy petting made blood rush to my crotch.
I couldn’t control my erection.
......
To house an erection in Tulip Prison is to die.
The guards already had their eyes on me since the wet dream incident.
I was told they’d come running my way again at the slightest hint of trouble.
If they had even the smallest idea I was engaged in something sexual, merciless punishment would be sure to follow.
I heard a whisper from a cell somewhere.
It might have been a hallucination.
But I heard what I heard.
You’re boned in more ways than one, pal.
The fear that I could be caught at any moment crept up on me.
It was something I’d never experienced before in my life.
......
The night I slept with that erection felt very, very long.
(You’re at too much of a disadvantage to strike back, Shuichiro. They have numbers on their side.)
(Still, I can’t ask the guards for help.)
Absolutely ridiculous! Numbers 0545 and 0333 are model prisoners. They’re not like you—they don’t cause problems!
Not every prisoner is trusted equally.
In particular, Number 0858 is a first-class prisoner and would never make a false accusation!
The guards would not listen to me defend myself.
Now, you listen here. The next time you pull some sicko stunt...
She looked right at me, bags under her eyes, and spoke.
...and so help me god, I will slam you and everyone involved straight into solitary.
(This won’t be easy on your own, Shuichiro.)
(Yeah. Can’t easily fool the guards.)
(They’re so sharp they can tell our prisoner numbers even if all they can see is our ba—)
I put a hand to my lip.
I think back to that scene in the paper room.
All Captain Shikolenko should have been able to see was my back.
Yet she stopped me by calling me by my number.
......
There are plenty of prisoners about the same height as me.
And most of the facility’s population have shaved heads too.
Why, then, could she tell it was me?
Sewing and mending clothes are done in the laundry room.
......
Working my needle while this tired is a prodigious task.
N-Next up is the underwear check. Y-You’ve got four hundred pairs and an hour. Good luck...
......
I looked up to see Drone Girl, adorned with a large bruise.
Rumor has it that an out-of-place crossword puzzle was in her cell.
She looked at it with suspicion, of course, but it was a lonely night. She couldn’t beat temptation.
It was a trap.
She solved problem after problem and wrote word after word.
Then, the fatal solution came.
Pussy.
The word that must not be said in the facility.
It seems like she was punished for just writing a crossword in her journal.
Their attacks are refined and cruel.
One can’t even feel safe in their own cell.
......
A solid liter of pussyjuice from Tsunami Tam, a prisoner who drowned her partner while sitting on his face, drips onto Drone Girl’s lap.
She endures without complaint, diligently checking each pair of underwear.
I can read no emotion from her face.
Here.
I strip off my clothes and hand them to her.
Excuse me?
I’m an exhibitionist. I don’t mind getting wet.
Even if the wetness revealed my crotch, I could go on working without paying it mind.
You can wear it until yours dries off. No one’ll be able to tell through your jacket.
We aren’t officially allies or anything like that.
That’s Illicit Exchange. We’ll get punished.
It’s natural for her to suspect this is a trap.
In that case, how about we do this?
I tear off the big prisoner number on the chest of the suit.
What are you...?
If we exchange suits but sew our original numbers back onto them, no one will be any the wiser.
......
She seems more interested in the needle in my hand, however.
Drone Girl blinks and blinks again as if mulling over something.
She lets out a quiet breath when she notices my eyes on her.
You really are a strange one.
What do you mean?
Your plan’s incomplete, though.
Hm? What do you mean?
You haven’t taken off the crest at the back. The guards’ll see right through this.
She turns the suit inside out and shows me the back.
There, I notice a small crest with my prisoner number sewn onto it, near the butt of the suit.
I... never noticed.
I’ve mostly been doing fluid checks, so that’s when I noticed this was sewn on here.
I can’t imagine many have noticed the same thing.
It must be designed this way so that the guards can tell who prisoners are from behind.
......
So that’s how Captain Shikolenko identified me.
We head for the cell wards again.
They have us hauling and passing out the laundry to the cells.
......
......
As we push the plastic boards meant to divide up the clothes into the basket, we likely have the same thing in mind.
They probably won’t come at us with the exact same method, but...
...there’s no telling when they’ll try to bait us into doing something perverse and getting punished.
......
The thought of it keeps me tense.
Drone Girl crouches down again and looks at something.
We’re going to die if this keeps up.
She’s terse.
If they keep coming at us with traps like these, we’ll end up shoved into solitary before long.
The guards are keeping a particular eye on us. If we slip up and say something even the slightest bit pervy, punishment is sure to follow.
I don’t like sports, but to borrow a term, we have a yellow card.
Let’s call their method the ‘Perv Attack.’
Perv Attack.
There’s something unnatural about it, though. About all this.
Drone Girl shifts her pupils in my direction.
How are they doing all of this without the guards noticing?
I was thinking the same thing.
It doesn’t make sense that they haven’t been caught, considering everything that they’ve done to us.
Take the password incident. If the guards had been watching, they would have seen you reading off the paper, making whoever wrote it the one to get punished.
In other words, they knew that in that particular spot, the guards wouldn’t see us—only hear us.
Going into someone’s cell is also a code of conduct violation if you’re caught.
How could they do all of this?
What was their secret?
There’s only one answer, then: Magic.
Magic? You’ve got to be kidding. It really is no exaggeration to say you’re a complete buffoon, huh?
......
Think about it like we would on planet Earth. They’re obviously doing something to pull the wool over the guards’ eyes.
Pull the wool over their eyes.
They’d need to know where those eyes were to pull any fabric over them.
Wait. Security cameras.
High chance, I’d wager.
The guards know exactly what we’re doing, no matter where we are.
It’s likely, then, that there are security cameras all over the prison.
But the network isn’t perfect. There are some blind spots or some cameras that don’t work.
Indeed. That means speaking here isn’t wise—let’s go elsewhere.
We go back behind the building we went to some time before.
They know exactly where the guards can and can’t see.
We must have raised our voices in a visual dead zone, or else that trap of theirs would never have worked.
We need to protect ourselves.
Which means there can’t be a camera here.
If we figure out where all the blind spots are, our tormentors won’t be able to threaten us anymore.
So we need to determine where all the security cameras are.
We’ll just need to avoid those spots to be safe. Easy.
How are we going to do that?
Simple. Find a likely spot and kiss, for example. If they don’t come running, that’s a blind spot.
......
......
Goddamn brilliant.
Sure is.
We will conduct experiments from spot to spot. If the guards don’t come running, we’ll know that spot is clear.
It has its risks, but the rewards are massive.
......
What? Don’t tell me you’re not too fond of my both simple and effective plan?
It’s a good plan. I just don’t want to do any kissing.
Why?
No good memories of it.
This is the very spot I was to have my first kiss.
It didn’t happen.
I got traumatized instead.
That’s why... kissing is trauma to me.
You’re saying the lamest thing possible with a mic-drop face.
I think to myself.
I’ll live with this trauma for the rest of my life.
......
Hey. Say the line from that paper again.
Why?
Just do it.
Gizz mii nauu.
Okay.
A soft scent assails my nostrils.
Drone Girl is before my eyes as close as can be.
I see her red, soft-looking lips.
For some reason, though, a hard, stiff sensation accompanies the warmth she brings.
It’s one of the plastic boards from the basket. I don’t want to blow my first kiss like this either, but... the mood feels real, right?
......
Do you have a good kissing memory now?
I do.
I think to myself.
I’ll live with this memory for the rest of my life.
Don’t tell me you have a thing for...
Obviously not. You really are as dumb as your first impression suggested.
......
Besides, isn’t any first kiss supposed to be awkward and bittersweet? Trauma? It’s no exaggeration to say that’s nonsense.
So, wait. Every time we do this experiment...
Yeah, we’ll be fake-kissing.
Let’s fucking go.
I’m all in, I think to myself.
Next, there’s the question of whether we can rely on each other.
We have the same goals here, so I think we can, even in the absence of trust.
How’s that sound?
Got it.
......
Drone Girl blinks in surprise when I answer.
What’s wrong?
Nothing. That’s easier for me, but...
I’m just stunned that you’d agree after how much you’ve been betrayed.
It’s an efficient plan.
I like things that are efficient and effective.
I don’t want to get abused anymore, either.
What better way than to find someone in the same situation and form a temporary alliance?
That’s the most efficient thing I can think of.
Efficient, huh? I love that word.
Drone Girl grins.
It’s the first I’ve seen her smile.
In that case, my name’s Noah Kurebayashi. Won’t be for long, but pleased to make your acquaintance.
My name’s Shuichiro Minato. Likewise. Let’s keep it brief.
We share a solid handshake.
We go on to do more fake kisses in search of the security cameras.
H-How long are those two going to take? C-Come on, hurry and get that laundry where it needs to go... Eheh, heheh...
When we were lucky, nothing happened. When we were unlucky, we got punished.
Hey! You two! Aren’t you a little bit too close?!
Since the guards have it out for us, they show up quickly.
0720 said he ‘got some shit in his eye’ and wanted me to help, so I was! On inspection, I found that he was the biggest piece of shit present!
Then you’re in the clear!
......
Their rapid response times work in our favor.
Each time they come running, I jot down the location and share it with Kurebayashi as a place to avoid.
The bastards back at the laundry room who sent us off with smiles look shocked to see us come back without a scratch on us.
All right, here goes.
Got it.
Three, two, one... Mmm.
We slowly pull our mouths away.
Okay, here she comes. Your turn to con her.
Aye.
All right, you motherfuckers want to tell me what you were doing with your faces touching?!
Even when the guards come running, we work together to survive.
The idea of the loophole bang gave us our key hint.
In other words, if we could slap some sort of other justification for our actions, we would be excused.
Ma’am! 0721 passed gas, and I was pushing our faces against this plastic board to hold our breath!
Hn...?!
0721, I... Ugh! I didn’t know you were the type to unleash sewage-level farts!
Ghhk!
You’re off the hook since this isn’t sexual, but you should watch what you eat!
I put away the laundry filter—incredibly stinky—that I’d prepared.
That was a close one.
My farts don’t stink, got it?
Every day is a tightrope...
They do NOT stink.
I figure one could call us a perfect team.
Oh, and why do you keep your eyes open when we kiss? It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that’s completely disgusting. Like, physiologically.
......
In any case, we know that this spot’s in range of the cameras. Let me add that to the list.
She jots down the general area on a scrap of paper.
With all these notes, we’ve been getting hit by Perv Attacks less and less.
There’s still danger zones we haven’t identified yet, though.
It’s a race to get this finished before we get dumped into solitary. Either that or they attack us directly.
There’s still a minefield out there.
We just don’t know how big it is.
Is this hard on you?
It’s fine. More or less what I expected.
I’m in the laundry room because I chose to be, anyway.
......?
Kurebayashi crouches down again.
She seems to be doing something, but I can’t tell past the basket.
It’s about time for us to go on the offensive. We can only keep up a war of attrition for so long.
Even if we finish our map, they may have a second or third trick up their sleeves.
We can’t play defense forever.
We can’t outfight them.
There’s two of us and lots of them.
We’re surrounded by hostiles and no one will help us.
...So no one expects a neutral party to intervene.
If we’re using anyone, it has to be the guards.
The correctional officers won’t want to take sides any more than they have to.
If they catch someone violating the code of conduct in the act, they won’t listen to excuses.
So if we want out of this mess, we can’t hit the assholes directly? We have to maneuver them into a situation they can’t weasel their way out of?
Exactly. Or at least make it look airtight to the guards.
We can’t afford to rest on our laurels.
We need to... expose their evildoing. Lay it bare.
The question, then, is how?
They’re slick. Wily. They know a lot about this place.
They have plenty of friends, underhanded knowledge, legal loopholes, and the trust of the guards.
There’s not much one can have in Tulip Prison, and they have most of it.
By comparison, we have nothing.
Nothing but these freshly laundered prison clothes.
......!
Is... something wrong?
Clothes.
What about them?
We strip them off.
I’m not sure I follow.
We don’t have anything but the clothes in the laundry room.
Yet with a change of point of view, we command an arsenal.
In that case.
We just need to get them naked.
We’ll enforce our ownership and deny them access.
(END)
