Being in prison, we don’t know what the ensuing fallout is in the outside world.
But I’m sure the newspapers would’ve said this.
Prison Officer Caught Selling Illegal Drugs.
Let’s see... The Anti-Organized Crime unit apprehended a woman thought to be behind the sales of a new drug that had been running rampant in the Kyushu region.
The smuggler is an expert information gatherer, and he gives us a summary of the newspaper article.
The drug was a digital drug, using audio and visual data to disrupt the brain.
The culprit was the correctional officer, Captain Julia Agatsuma (27).
She denies all of the allegations against her.
Something like that.
I see.
We sent the digital drug to one of the cops Taeka said she could trust.
Along with a simple explanation of what it was, we also included information on how it was used.
After the riot, Sister Julia was temporarily thrown into solitary.
A few weeks later, she was able to go free.
Although, it was only so that she could be interrogated by police. I doubt she was able to enjoy the sunlight for long.
Still, it seems like they moved too fast. Usually, a new drug like this would need a lot of time for scientific testing.
Taeka says cautiously, but she doesn’t seem to be that worried about it.
It’s natural to think someone made some arrangements behind the scenes. Not that it has anything to do with us anymore.
That’s true.
With Sister Julia gone and the Hatae Clan’s name cleared, this matter no longer concerns us.
Sister Julia was charged with possession, manufacturing, and distribution of illegal drugs.
However, it never came to light that the drug was distributed throughout the prison.
It’s known as the phantom precinct of the correctional system, after all. They’re probably experts at cover-ups.
Thinking back now, maybe that’s a reason why Sister Julia targeted the prison.
Which is why there hasn’t been much change within Tulip Prison.
The only changes have been to the brainwashed inmates.
The brainwashed inmates were admitted to the medical ward.
Hah... I’m so busy! There’s too many of them to process!
Dr. Higuchi is frantically trying to deal with all the new patients filling up her beds.
The inmates thought to be in critical condition had to stay in the medical ward for treatment.
Those whose conditions were not as severe are being treated in the leaderless chapel, where beds have been set up temporarily.
Brainwashed? What was I forced to do? I don’t remember anything...
From their point of view, things just changed, and the next thing they realized, it was all over.
Did you make me do something, Minato?
Nope.
The brainwashed people aren’t to be blamed.
The details of this incident haven’t been shared with the other inmates.
However, the inmates were the ones who witnessed the riot in the first place.
Nobody is to mention that incident! Anybody who brings it up will be thrown into solitary!
B-But! It was such a huge deal... Everyone wants to know what happened, and I don’t know what to tell them when they ask me!
To be honest, I’m not really sure what happened either!
People will talk.
When speculation only leads to more speculation, it can fester.
And so Captain Yugao makes a move.
Regarding the previous riot. Some inmates attempted to escape under the influence of Captain Agatsuma’s drug.
To pay respect to the inmates who stopped them, the administration would like to offer you all a reward in lieu of a cash prize.
Most of the inmates received stacks of sweets.
Captain Yugao gives carrots to those who produce results.
Delicious, right? If you want more, then get back to work and don’t cause any trouble.
However, she doesn’t forget the stick.
Those who spread rumors won’t get any sweets.
There is almost nobody in prison who can resist the temptation of zoo-zoos.
Of course, there are some things that have changed greatly as well.
Hah... There we go. That’s the chair I’ve missed so much.
The biggest change is that Taeka has been reinstated as a mediator.
Part of it is the prison acknowledging the work she put in to take down Agatsuma.
This place suits you, Taeka.
That right? Thanks.
But that wasn’t all. After seeing how she handled the riots, the other inmates have realized that they can count on the Chief when things go sour.
I’m sorry, I wasn’t by your side when you needed me.
Damn it! I can’t believe I fell for that bitch’s trap!
Can I even call myself a yakuza now...?
The Hatae Trio are the most happy about this return.
What are you talking about? You guys were suffering in solitary.
The reason I was able to accomplish so much was because of the Trio’s help.
Sorry for everything you went through... Thanks, you bastards.
Chief!
I’m so moved...
I’ll follow you to the ends of the Earth!
Taeka seems relieved to have her trustworthy allies back.
Looks like you really helped the Chief out in our absence!
Cousin Hanada says to me as we’re enjoying the first bath of the day.
I didn’t do anything special.
Modesty isn’t flattering at your age. You were a key player in resolving this incident.
I didn’t mean that.
The three of you would’ve done the same if you were here.
I just did it in your place is all.
I say that, and they look at each other.
Then they grab my head and dunk it in the water.
What?
You’re such a good fucking guy!
Hehehe. The newspaper salesman who visited my home once a week said this all the time. ‘Real strong people don’t boast about their accomplishments.’
I’m not really following, but the two of them are smiling.
So I feel happy as well.
You know... it sure feels special getting to take a bath for the first time in a while.
Yeah.
I’m gonna scrub until my skin is peeling off!
Taking a bath with all my friends again feels so good.
You said whoever resolved this issue would be given the title of clan heir.
Ozawa brings up the point after his final key performance overthrowing Agatsuma.
I did some good work too, you know... Isn’t there anything for me?
Not after you betrayed us that one time.
Haha, yeah, I figured.
As he shuffles away dejectedly, I stop him.
Ozawa.
Huh?
Thanks. You saved our butts.
Me too. Thanks to you, I didn’t have to stray off the path.
I have no ill will for Ozawa anymore.
Now then, what was for dinner today? What did Cousin Umezu say?
I hope it’s fish.
Tulip Prison will probably continue on without any change.
How unfortunate. I was planning on making that old hag Mizushiro take the responsibility and retire.
Nobody is more disappointed about that than Captain Yugao.
Is this just how things are done in Tulip Prison?
Yes. They’ll just throw some money at the police and courts. That old bitch has some pull with the attorney’s office too.
Some of Taeka’s reservations probably have to do with this.
Still, Julia’s gone at least. Actual control of the prison falls to me.
Her mouth curls into a sinister smile.
Sister Julia is currently in prison awaiting trial.
Rumors say the trial is already over, and that she’s being held in the basement of Tulip Prison.
What actually happened to her?
What do you think?
She gives another mischievous smile as her voice rises with excitement.
I wonder how her subordinates feel about all of this.
Then my middle strike just came out so clean.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
My fist was like, bam, and she was like, gah!
Wow.
I drop by to visit the SST commander.
Would you have been happier if Captain Yugao got promoted?
I’m fine with how things are. As long as I can be helpful to Captain Yugao.
Commander Ohtabe looks up at the sky as she tells me without any hurry.
But if that’s what she wanted... then maybe that would’ve been better. Although, that would make me a little sad.
She seems so calm and laid back now. It’s hard to believe she’s the same person who ran wild not so long ago.
From what I heard, Commander Ohtabe knocked out over fifty brainwashed zombie inmates.
I wasn’t as useful as Mashiro was.
......
Suddenly, the SST officer with the speech impediment appears.
She’d been strung out to be sacrificed all along.
As a result, she was brainwashed and was just discharged from the hospital a few days ago.
I’m sorry that you were used like a sacrificial pawn.
It’s fine...
I told you before that being abandoned is all a part of a ninja’s mission.
Umm... she’s saying that being abandoned is well within the scope of her job, so not to worry.
......!
She has such pride in her work.
I am so impressed that I want to give her the highest praise I can.
That’s ninjawesome.
......
Ninjawesome.
What’s your problem?
I made her mad.
......
Commander Ohtabe is a lot more expressive than I thought, and watching her is fun.
Speaking of people who deserve credit, there’s also Kurebayashi.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I didn’t do much.
But Kurebayashi is acting cool as usual.
This is a show of my gratitude since the printer is back online.
Muscle Mafia Armor, Basic Pube... A combo of yakuza, sex, and muscles? I don’t understand the archetype, but the pitch black is pretty nicely designed.
She gives a slight smile when I hand her the new cards.
Is that really all you want for a reward?
I’m sure Captain Yugao would give you something better if you asked. Like your own PC...
It’s fine. I had my biggest issue resolved... I’ll be taking my time from now on.
What will she be taking her time on?
I have no idea.
It’s all fine with me as long as you keep your promise.
My promise to Kurebayashi was that I wouldn’t mess with Sofurin.
What do you think she meant by that?
What?
I didn’t understand anything about Kurebayashi in the end.
And I introduce the final key player to Captain Yugao.
This is Chisato.
H-H-Hello... Heh... Ngh...
......
I-I can’t do it...
Captain Yugao clearly seems like she’s in a bad mood.
I don’t know why, but she seems to hate Chisato for some reason.
We were able to capture Hanamaru thanks to her help.
But without her, we never would’ve resolved this issue.
So as promised, I’d like to move her to a cell on the ground level—
Get her out of my office right now.
But.
Don’t make me repeat myself.
I-It’s fine...
Chisato tugs at my clothes.
And right before we leave...
I’ll keep my promise. You can move to the surface.
Captain Yugao says quietly.
By the way, what happened to the person I captured...?
I don’t know why Captain Yugao hates Chisato so much.
Oh, she was transferred... I see...
At the very least, she’ll be guaranteed a better life than she had before.
Uh, um...
Chisato speaks before returning to the underground duct.
Um, t-thank you...
No, thank you.
I only did what was natural.
Now it’s all over.
Taeka is back in her former position, and we have all had a happy ending.
But not everything has returned to the status quo.
Hey... Amatsu...
There’s no response.
When did Amatsu stop talking to me?
No matter how much I talk to him, he doesn’t respond.
Taeka chuckles when I tell her.
I see... Hehe. That might be something that doesn’t come back.
What do you mean?
You’ve advanced... You’ve grown, Shuichiro.
Grown. The word resonates with me in a strange way.
Are you lonely?
No.
I shake my head.
Despite losing such an important friend, I don’t feel that sad.
Because I have you.
The thought makes my heart skip a beat.
The feeling is similar to an erection.
That’s right. And I’ve got you.
Even without Amatsu, I can get hard with Taeka.
We have a deep bond.
We don’t need a chastity belt anymore.
(END)
We receive a phone call about a month later.
A huge crackdown?
Yes. It seems like HQ is really buying into this ‘H’ business. They’re thinking of conducting a huge bust.
Back in power, Taeka is able to give orders over the phone again.
This is when she learns of her family’s current situation.
Aina, are you sure about this intel?
Yeah, I got it from the detective in charge. He let me know first, since it didn’t seem fair to him at all.
The Hatae Clan on the outside is in shambles because of Sister Julia.
At this rate, the Hatae Clan will totally be weakened. It wouldn’t be a surprise if some other family decided to horn in on your territory. We’ve had some foreign mafia activity lately as well.
If the Hatae Clan, in charge of the Japanese Chivalrous Union Kyushu Branch, falls, then it’s also bound to affect the public order of Kyushu itself.
I’d say you have six months at the most, maybe only three.
All that awaits them is more bloody conflict.
But right now...
I know I’m asking the impossible right now! But please, you have to make it back here, Chief!
......
Taeka is at a loss for words and looks at me quietly.
Okay... I’ll try to come up with a plan. Watch your back.
Tulip Prison isn’t somewhere you can easily come and go.
You’ve got children now. You can’t be as reckless as you used to be. Yeah. Yeah, okay...
This is a remote island where there is no escape. The only way out is through the front door.
Once you’re locked up in here, there’s no returning to the outside world.
......
But that doesn’t apply to her.
In Taeka’s case, she was falsely imprisoned over “H.”
However, the true culprit has been arrested.
If she can prove her innocence in an appeal, she should be able to go free in no time.
And the person who can grant her appeal is...
Please grant Taeka her appeal.
...Captain Hazuki Yugao.
I see. So your family’s in a bind, huh?
She has her hands on her chin as usual, looking like she doesn’t care.
Fine, but under one condition.
What is it?
You have to stay behind and work for me.
That is an unexpected proposal.
I’m going to make this prison mine. I’m going to obtain absolute power and control this place.
I’ll need to be cunning to do that. With Julia gone, I have all the guards under control.
What I need is a mediator who is able to fully control the inmates.
That’s Taeka’s role in the prison right now.
Captain Yugao wants a mediator who has everyone’s respect.
And to fully weather this brainwashing incident, I’ll need an inmate in place who I can fully trust.
She said trust.
It may not seem like it, but I fully appreciate the work you’ve put in, boy.
I didn’t think she did.
I want you to be by my side until I climb to the top.
To support and assist me, not as a pawn... but as a loyal subject.
The Queen Bee of the prison reaches her hand out to me.
Her blood-soaked hand.
How long will that take?
At least ten years.
Ten years.
That is coincidentally about as long as I have left on my sentence.
If you accept these terms, I’ll grant her appeal right now.
I’ll be apart from Taeka for ten years.
I doubt we’ll be able to make our game together.
......
Then my answer is easy.
I...
You accepted her terms?
Yeah.
I shook the queen’s hand.
That way you can get out of prison.
......
Taeka is speechless.
It’s the only way to ensure the Hatae Clan isn’t destroyed.
But you’ll...
Ten years. At least.
What about your game? Your dream?
Even if my sicko score goes down and I get a chance at parole, I still won’t be allowed out.
That’s what you lived for, Shuichiro.
Not until Captain Yugao stands at the top.
You’re more important to me.
I want to grant her wish.
That’s my answer.
Taeka averts her eyes.
She can’t seem to accept my answer.
But...
Don’t worry, Chief!
I get pushed in the back.
The Trio will take care of the prison and this guy for you!
It’s the Trio and Ozawa.
You guys...
The person who resolved the ‘H’ issue will be the new second in line to the Hatae Clan.
Then he’s the only candidate.
Second in line? The new heir? But he’s not joining the yakuza...
I will.
I answer immediately.
I’m Shuichiro Minato, member of the Hatae Clan.
I don’t care if this means breaking Hinako’s heart.
If it will benefit Taeka.
Then I’ll join the yakuza.
......
It only makes sense for the young guns of the Hatae Clan to support the new heir!
Back when I was a talent manager, one of my clients said ‘Even the greatest, most talented of people can’t become the best without people supporting them.’
So leave it to us, Chief.
Taeka looks down at the ground.
And quietly stands up.
Follow me, Shuichiro.
We head to the Japanese garden.
I close the door and turn around.
......!
She leaps into my arms.
Taeka—
I’m scared to be apart from you...
Taeka is crying.
Not being able to leave the prison. Having my job as mediator here... They’re just excuses.
My chest becomes wet.
Not being able to see you for ten years...?
Unable to see your face, hear your voice, or touch you like this...?
She expresses her grief.
I never thought I’d be saying something this weak, but...
I don’t want to be apart from you...
This isn’t the Hatae Clan chief in front of me.
I can’t...
It’s Taeka Hatae, the woman.
No, no, no!
These are her true feelings.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no...
Her true feelings that she can’t hide.
And I respond.
That’s fine too.
What...?
That’s what I say.
If spending time with me is more important to you than the Hatae Clan...
...then there’s no reason you shouldn’t quit the yakuza.
I love Taeka.
If that’s what she wants.
......
I don’t care who I have to face, I’m granting her her wish.
But that’s not what your face is saying.
Just as much as she is Taeka Hatae, the woman in front of me...
...the chief of the Hatae Clan is also Taeka Hatae.
She is the Chief, no matter where she is.
My face...?
Then I’ll promise you again.
I don’t know how reassuring it might be for her.
No matter what happens, I will go to where you are.
I give her my word.
No matter what happens, I’ll come back to your side.
No matter how far apart we may be, my heart will be with her.
No matter where you go, I will find you.
To the woman who taught me how to feel.
No matter how much time passes, I will come to see you.
Hoping it can somehow repay her for everything she’s given me.
So would you wait for me on the outside?
These words will serve as another oath of loyalty, in our hearts.
......
She falls silent.
Then quietly takes a breath.
She looks at me, strong resolve in her eyes.
Kiss me.
Okay.
Mm...
Our lips press together.
I can feel her warmth.
I can smell Taeka.
The touch of the person I love.
No matter how far apart we may be, no matter how much time may pass.
I will always come back here.
She reluctantly pulls her lips away.
This is in place of a sake cup... Now you’re a member of the Hatae Clan.
She tightly clasps her hands around mine.
Okay. I’ll wait for you on the outside. As long as it takes.
Tears welling up, she still manages to give me a smile.
We have plenty of time. Maybe I’ll practice that digital art I’ve heard so much about.
Digital art?
A game made by a yakuza could be fun.
Besides, she continues.
Anyway, a yakuza always does her time.
We quietly snuggle up to each other.
Winter ends, and spring is about to begin.
...............
............
.........
......
...
The years pass.
I’ve grown around ten centimeters and have hair growing all over.
The ten years fly by.
A lot has happened in Tulip Prison these last ten years.
Like Sofurin and Kurebayashi having a huge falling out and it taking over two years to get them to make up.
Or Captain Yugao and I taking on Warden Mizushiro’s difficult tasks.
Or discovering Commander Ohtabe’s illness, which she recovered from in time to make it back for the final phase.
Or when Chisato and the captain miraculously worked together.
Miss, I’ll take care of that!
Okay, good, Chisato.
I’ll leave it at that, since all the details would take too long.
At the very least, this is what I can say.
The current Tulip Prison is being controlled by Hazuki, with a lot of carrots and a very big stick.
I want to commend you on time well served.
Aboard the ship, my escort Officer Yamagishi speaks.
Thank you, Officer Yamagishi.
I told you to call me Himeru. We’ve known each other for a decade at this point. I never thought it’d be this long.
I’ve built quite the relationship with Officer Yamagishi over these last ten years.
I’ve experienced a lot in this prison.
To think that child grew up to be this big.
I became an adult.
Is anyone coming to pick you up on the other side?
Yes.
I answer as I look out towards the coastline I can’t yet see.
Someone who I’ve kept waiting all these years should be there for me.
Ah, is he almost here...? Ooh, I’m starting to get nervous!
I mean, I haven’t seen him in ten years... I’m an old lady now... But it’s been ten years for Shu too...
Oh, crap... I’m crying now! I can’t let Shu see me like this...
Excuse me, are you here for Mr. Shuichiro Minato?
Huh? Yes, I am...
Thank you for your patience! Hey, come on, you idiots!
Thanks for your patience!
Eep! What? Are you Shu’s friends?
The sea breeze is very cold! Please, come here, Sister!
Sister!
What?! What is this? What’s going on? Shu?!
After a journey of an hour and a few minutes, we arrive at the port.
The sky is clear, and the wind is still.
The perfect weather for waiting.
My first step outside after all these years.
Thank you for your service!
A row of yakuza in suits.
......!
And behind them...
......
A woman under a red umbrella.
No air of intimidation, but representing her quiet, burning personality.
An invulnerable figure, wrapped in a kimono.
Welcome back, Mr. Hatae.
A bewitching voice welcomes me.
However, she gives an embarrassed chuckle after.
Hehe, I don’t know why, but I feel so embarrassed to be around you.
Yeah.
We’re picking up our relationship exactly where we last left it.
Okay, no bullshit. I’m going to say what I’ve been waiting to say.
After that promise, we made to each other so many years ago.
Welcome back... Shuichiro.
I’m home... Taeka.
And just like that, we make up for the ten years we’ve missed each other.
(END)
Everything’s so peaceful.
So peaceful.
It’s our day off today.
We’re enjoying our time off just looking up at the sky, doing nothing in particular.
Is it boring for yakuza when everything’s peaceful?
Not at all. Even in the crime world, we strive to maintain peace.
I thought you just fought all the time.
I guess that’s what everyone thinks, huh? Although, there are some who always want to fight. But most people tend to not want to kill each other if we don’t have to.
Still, there are times when neither side wants to back down. When that happens, then it can’t be helped.
If Taeka wins her appeal, she’ll be out of this prison.
Once she’s on the outside, she’ll likely get dragged into conflicts and fights.
This may be the path she chose, but it bothers me that I won’t be able to be there with her.
You should just settle things over a card game instead of killing each other.
Hehe... That’s not a bad idea. I bet Hanada would like that.
But I want to spend all the time I can with Taeka until she gets released.
Ow! Hey, you just bumped into me on purpose, didn’t you?!
Huh? Hey, sorry about that, but it wasn’t on purpose. Seems like you’re the one who bumped into me...
You saying I walk funny?!
We see a quarrel start from the corner of our vision.
At the very least, mine’s not funny. A slipper lover like me wouldn’t walk in a way to bump into people.
You son of a...
What?
They both glare at each other like they’re going to start swinging punches.
It’s a tense situation.
......
......
But Taeka and I are just absently staring.
Let’s settle this with a Duel!
Glans Head confirmed! The come-on conditions require 69 or more cumdumpsters!
The two of them are both enjoying a game of Zen-Gi-Oh!
I flip my Sexy Shoes card over on its back, activating the effect of my face-down cumdumpster! I’m switching your Chode Stalker to defense position!
My cumdumpster doesn’t have any defense points. Meaning the effect is nullified!
What?! But if it doesn’t have any defense points, doesn’t its defense count as zero, zero,
The card game we made has become a staple in prison.
The guards have looked the other way before, but now that most conflicts between inmates are settled with a card duel, it’s basically been officially recognized at this point.
I’m sure Captain Yugao has to do with it as well.
This is one of her carrots.
My Yakuza Get-Together creates a new family! I turn you into a Stabbing Knife!
Cousin Hanada is especially hooked.
This could be the ideal world for hobby manga lovers.
Go, Hanada
Even the hot-blooded Cousin Umezu gets carried away watching the gameplay.
Shimonuma! There you are! I told you I had to talk to you. Now come here!
What? But I’m... um, your breasts are touching me...
Yeah, I’m doing it on purpose. Does it bother you?
I mean, I wouldn’t say that...
Cousin Shimonuma seems to be getting pretty close with that guard lately.
Peace is nice, but this could be the end of us mediators mediating.
I wouldn’t say that.
You can’t use Warrior of Fucklantis to search for A Legendary O-face!
Yes, I can! The card says I can!
No, the Legendary O-face gets treated as a Screw-Me, so it doesn’t even exist as far as the rules are concerned!
Then what can this sperm search for?!
It can’t search for anything!
Even during a battle to settle disputes, there are times when such arguments arise.
I’ll handle this.
That is when a mediator is needed.
Now, now.
I get between the two of them and try to give judgments that both parties can accept.
In the end, people’ll even fight over a children’s card game.
He’s not making sense! ‘When’ and ‘If’ mean the same thing, don’t they?!
No.
Why not?!
While this isn’t easy, it’s much better than a fistfight.
Moreover, the fact that everyone loves playing the card game I made with Taeka makes me happy.
......
Taeka looks over at me with a hint of sadness.
I don’t remember giving you permission to do whatever you wanted.
Please.
I bow my head and beg.
The time I have left with Taeka is so short, and the time we’ll be apart is so long.
I only lent the space out to you before so she could teach you sexual techniques.
Or is there a reason why I should let you?
......
I want to learn how to use the various tools in this room.
What?
I want to test out with Taeka how to use the various tools in this room so I can serve as your loyal assistant.
Captain Yugao gives me a pleasant smile.
You said you were falsely charged, but wanting to do it with these tools must mean you’re a sicko through and through, Princess.
Hah... I don’t expect someone without a partner to understand. The feeling of wanting to do anything to fulfill their desires.
......
I’m the one who wants to do it.
Whatever. The fact remains that you want to use these tools to torment the yakuza princess here, right?
Yes.
......
Then fine. Use it to your heart’s content.
Are you sure?
Yes. I always wanted to torment the annoying yakuza girl myself, but the opportunity never presented itself.
But you say you’ll do it instead. You’re a good loyal assistant, aren’t you, boy?
Heh. My man is brilliant, isn’t he, Ms. Yugao?
Keep barking. You’ll be moaning in a few minutes anyhow.
They sure don’t get along.
Screams, I’ll take, but listening to your moans will rot my brain. Natsumi.
Captain Yugao leaves the room with Commander Ohtabe.
Good grief. I doubt she’ll change in the next ten years.
You two get along so well.
Are you blind? People only become friends after a fistfight in comic books. The reality is, you mostly throwdown with people you hate.
Perhaps that’s the truth.
But I mean, you are going to be moaning pretty soon.
Mm... Yeah, that’s true.
Are you sure about it?
I already said yes. I don’t go back on my word. Besides, it’s weird you’re so concerned about it this time after already destroying my ass.
Veritably.
This is the only time I can be with you. I want you to put your mark on me... and I want to take you in with my whole body.
Taeka...
Heh. Anyway, time’s a-wasting. Let’s get started already.
......
How is this not just torture?
I mean, that’s what the room is for.
Yes, but... does this stuff excite you? Your dick is real hard.
Not especially.
Is what I thought, but honestly, I’m very excited right now.
Taeka’s arms and legs are bound, and there’s no getting out of it.
I press my hard cock against the defenseless Taeka’s face.
Is this lust for conquest? The excitement fills me.
This is the first time I’ve seen your dick so close up.
This is the first time I’ve ever shown my dick to someone so close up.
Really? This is the first time even for an exhibitionist? I think I’m pretty happy.
I mean, it’s already touching her face.
When I look down, I see the Hatae Clan matriarch and my dick.
It’s an intense view.
It’s crazy looking at it so close. Your vein really pops out... It’s not just the banjo string. I can see the wrinkles on your balls too...
How does it smell?
Mm... Snff, snff. Hah... I guess you could say it smells... Snff, snff...
But it’s a smell you can get hooked on.
Taeka smells my penis several times.
......
It’s so hot.
My penis springs up several times in front of Taeka on its own.
What’s this? You getting turned on just by me smelling it?
The way you smell my penis... is very hot.
Heh... Yeah, I’m a dirty girl. Only when I’m alone with you.
My penis springs up again after she says this.
Snff, snff... Hah... I won’t be able to smell this for a while now. I want to memorize it while I can.
She hits me with a statement that’s both dirty and adorable.
Did you know that smell has the strongest connection to memory?
You’ll still remember the smell of my dick on the outside?
Maybe. I might be playing with my pussy one day, remembering that smell and thinking of you stuck in prison.
......!
She’ll still be thinking about me while she masturbates outside of prison.
I never even thought of it.
Right. Even if we can’t have sex, we can still masturbate thinking of each other.
Taeka masturbating thinking of me, me thinking of her...
Ah... Shit. My bad, I might actually do that when I’m out.
No, it’s okay.
It’s bad having such a good imagination... It makes me imagine when we have to be apart.
Taeka...
I hug her, embracing her sadness.
This isn’t the time to be sad! You want me to suck your dick, right?
Yeah.
First you took my vaginal and anal virginity, now my mouth... I’m giving everything to your dick.
There’s still so much more. Like your armpit, your belly, or the back of your knees... And then your breasts, and feet, and lots more.
I have so many body parts. Okay, I’ll give them all to you.
All of them?!
I told you before. Everything from my head to my toes is yours to have.
My dick is rock-hard just imagining it.
Unable to wait any longer for her to suck it, I rub my dick against her face.
Ngh... Hey, such an impatient dick... Okay, we can start with my mouth pussy, Shuichiro.
Ngh, lckk...
She licks my cock from the back to the head.
It’s her signal to me that she’s about to put it in her mouth.
Ah, mm, mm, mbp...
The sensation gives me goosebumps, and I let out a sharp breath.
My dick gets swallowed into her mouth.
Taeka has me in her mouth.
Mbb, ngh, lckk, lckk... slrp, slrp...
She’s sucking me.
It may be a little clumsy being her first time, but Taeka is sucking my dick.
Slrp, slrp, mm, ngh, mwah, mm, sckkk...
Sckkk, mm, slrp, slrp, sckkk, sckkk!
Mm, slrp, mm, hah... hah... How is it, Shuichiro? Does it feel good?
It feels very good.
Heh, I knew that. I can feel it flinch inside my mouth. Although, that makes it harder to suck.
Big sorry, bro.
It’s fine. That’s how good my mouth pussy feels, right?
I’m getting the hang of it. Okay, let’s keep going then.
Ahhhh, hamph...
Slrp, lckk, lckk, lckk...
......!
The tip of her tongue plays with the back of my cock.
It’s not a coincidence.
Mff, lckk, lckk, slrp, sckkk!
Taeka observes how my cock reacts and laughs as she blows me.
She hits my weak spots purposefully.
Taeka... right there!
Slrp, slrp, slrp, lckk, lckk... Sckkk!
When I let her know, her sucking intensifies.
I’ve fucked pussies and assholes, and now I’ve finally put my penis inside a mouth.
It’s so clearly different than anything else.
The movement of her tongue and lips... they’re all moving according to Taeka’s intentions.
Sck, hah, mpp, slrp, slrp...
She moves her tongue while observing my reaction, testing how which areas are most sensitive, and when she finds one, she focuses her attack there.
It’s all to make me feel good.
This is different from sex where we both try to make each other feel good. It’s an act of selflessness.
There is a psychological sense of fulfillment.
My brain tingles.
Mm, lckk.
Ngh!
Her hot tongue licks my peehole.
Taeka watches for my reaction and gives me a smile.
Sck, slrp, sckkk, sckkk, sckkk, slrp, slrrrrrrrrrrrp!
Hah!
The pleasure feels so good that I feel my knees start to give out.
It’s unfair how much she’s attacking my hole and head.
How does the rough surface of her tongue feel so good?!
Sck, hehe. Your dick is really reacting like crazy, Shuichiro.
It feels so good... I can’t believe blowjobs feel this good.
It’s all part of the ancient bedroom arts.
I start longing for her mouth again and rub my dick covered in precum and saliva against Taeka’s face.
Ah... It feels so good.
Ngh... Won’t even let me rest, huh? Such a dirty dick.
Looking down at her up close, she’s so pretty.
This is my lover. One who will even suck my dick.
What an amazing reality.
Taeka. I love you.
I say as I thrust my hips.
I love you too, Shuichiro. What kind of timing is this?
I’m just so happy that you’re sucking me...
Is that so...? I guess you’re a lucky guy.
But I guess your dick will get lonely if we talk too much. Okay, I’ll have another taste. Mwah, hamph.
Her warm mouth encompasses my dick for the third time.
Slrp, slrp, slrp... Lckk, sckkk, sckkk!
Her tongue gets involved right away.
Ah, it feels amazing every time.
The pleasure is irresistible.
Taeka’s mouth is raping my dick.
Slrrrrp, slrrrp! Slrrp, slrrrrp!
Ngh!
She accelerates her strokes.
Her tongue rotates as it runs all over my shaft.
Every time she bobs her head, her lips stimulate my head.
Sckkk, sckkk, sckkk, slrp, slrp, slrp!
Her intense blowjob is causing my balls to heat up.
I feel my semen boiling inside.
It’s getting ready to ejaculate.
Slrp, slrp, slrp, slrrrrrrrrrrrrp!
Ahhhhhhhh!
My legs shake from the pleasure.
A sensation like a jolt of lightning runs through my body.
More.
I want more.
I start thrusting my hips, letting my dick run wild inside her mouth.
I want to rape Taeka’s mouth.
But I can’t. I can’t rape my idol.
Lckk, lckk, slrrp, slrrp, slrp!
But this pleasure.
It’s irresistible.
Ngh?!
I thrust my hips forward and stick my cock deep into her mouth.
I pull the clips on her nipples to bring Taeka’s face closer.
Before I know it, I’m thrusting madly.
Ngh! Ngh! Goh, agh, ngh, ngh!
The look of confidence disappears from Taeka’s face.
Her brows furrow with worry, and she continues to suck my cock with a sound almost like a scream.
My hips don’t stop.
I’m driven by pure impulse as I continue to pump my dick inside her mouth.
Sllrp, ngh, goh! Ngh, ngh, goh, ngh,
Hah, ngh?!
Even when she coughs and gags on my cock, I relentlessly continue to thrust it further down her throat.
Ah, goh, ngh, gah, gah, gah!
Tears are welling up in her eyes.
Her pretty face is becoming distorted.
She’s making disgusting sounds with her mouth.
And I’m so excited that I’m getting goosebumps.
Ngh, hah, goh, ngh, gah, ngoh?!
This is the leader of all of Kyushu.
That mouth that is always saying something sharp and cool.
I’m raping it.
I’m making it my sex toy.
With my desire for dominance fulfilled, I feel a sense of superiority come and go.
I want to ejaculate.
I want to let it loose deep inside her throat.
I want to give her everything I have.
Hah, haaaaaaaaaah!
Goh,
My cock is so swollen, I can’t believe how hot it is.
The sound is also something else. It’s hard to imagine it’s just from raping a mouth.
Saliva, precum, and whatever other liquid that comes from deep within her throat are mixing together inside her mouth.
I want to add my semen to it.
No, I will. I am going to ejaculate without question.
I won’t let her spill a single drop.
Taeka... Taeka!
Mbb, ngh, ngh... Sckkk, sckkk, sckkk, slrp, bah...!
I’ve lost all rationality.
I don’t even understand the concept of holding back.
I’m only driven by bestial hedonistic desires.
It’s hot.
My groin is burning hot.
I’m going to cum, Taeka! I’m going to cum deep inside your throat! I want you to drink it all!
Mmmm, goh, goh... Sckkk, sckkk, sckkk... Buh!
Ngh, ngh, slrrrp, slrrrp, slrrrp! Gah, boh, slrrrrrrrrrrrrrrp?
Goh! Mm, buh, ngh,
Ngh?! Buh, mm, boh, ngh, uh...!
Mm, ngh! Mm, gulp, gulp, gulp... Mm...
I continue cumming while my dick is still inside her mouth.
Taeka frantically swallows as she intermittently coughs.
That is so hot. I can’t stop trembling from pleasure.
My semen continues to gush out. I want her to drink more.
Ngh, glp, glp, glp, mm...!
Bah! Hah, hah...! Hee, hah... Hah... ah...
Finally, after drinking down all my semen, Taeka lets go of my cock and starts catching her breath.
Unrecognizable liquid begins to drip down from the corner of her mouth.
I’m overcome with despondency from the intense feeling of pleasure.
So this is a blowjob...!
Ah... Hah... Hah, haaaah...!
Taeka is still taking deep breaths.
Are you okay? Do you want to drink some cum?
I...
Shuichiro... this wasn’t a blowjob... It’s called face-fucking, and if I wasn’t a practitioner of Kazan Shingan Style, I’d be dead!
I lost all sense of rationality...
You need more training... Geez.
I’m nothing compared to you.
You motherfucker... But I guess if I made you feel so good that you lost sense of all rationality, then fine...
You have such a big heart.
Obviously. I’m your idol.
You have an excellent mouth.
Okay, that’s something else.
But that really was an amazing experience. Thank you.
I told you. I’m going to make you mark me and take you in with my whole body.
I really put my mark on you.
That’s good. I can’t be gagging from a little face-fucking and still call myself a yakuza boss.
You don’t go back on your word, and you swallow every drop of cum.
I only drink yours. Now and forever.
Taeka!
Hah, that’s enough to make you happy? You’re such a child, Shuichiro.
Hearing you say that made me hard again.
Huh?
I want to ejaculate in your mouth again.
Look, Shuichiro, you...
......
Gah, don’t look at me like that! Fuck...
Okay, just one more time, got it?
(END)
As I said before, my parents were both busy people. I don’t have very many happy family memories.
With each passing second, we get closer to the day we have to say goodbye.
But I still have a lot of memories. More than just one or two.
Taeka is sharing stories about her parents with me.
What were they like?
My old man... was one-of-a-kind. He did what he felt like, but it was also incredibly kind.
Sounds like a yakuza.
He might not be what you’re imagining. Back when I was in grade school, I had an assignment where I had to read aloud to a parent.
When I read ‘Gon, the Little Fox’ to him, he burst out crying.
Really?
It was crazy. He cried like his own parent had died. It became a huge thing when the young blood in the family assumed someone close to my old man was killed.
That’s hilarious.
Right? Anyway, I guess he never heard a story like that before... so it hit him full force.
......
That’s hard to imagine.
He had a big personality. Even when he was reading, he’d laugh loudly and cry hard.
But he was also stubborn, always saying how he wasn’t crying. Or that he was just cutting onions.
Sounds like a fun guy.
That’s why he was so loved. He was also a man of his word.
Although, that caused him to fall for scams all the time. Plus on top of that, he’d insist that he wasn’t fooled and that we’ll see eventually. He didn’t want to admit to being fooled.
Taeka lights up when she’s talking about her father.
You must have loved him a lot.
Yeah. I admired him. He was a great yakuza. I know I took over in his footsteps, but I’ll never be able to reach his greatness.
That much?
But there’s also something I realize now. While my old man was too busy to spend a lot of time with me... I think he did that for the other family members.
Because they’re family too?
Exactly. Because if he only spent time with his biological daughter when he always talked about the syndicate being family, some of the others might have resented it.
Some people think that it doesn’t matter what you say, a group of unrelated people can’t be family.
I understand the reasoning, but that’s a bit childish.
They’re all childish. Some joined because they were outcasts, some joined because they thought they were cool, but what they all had in common is that they mostly never grew up.
That’s why they fight. A mature person would hold it in and control themselves, but they can’t help but throw a punch. They have to retaliate.
Listening to Taeka talk about the reality of the yakuza changes my perception of them.
What was your mother like?
Let’s see... I mean, she was dignified but also strict. On herself and with others.
Sounds like the typical yakuza wife.
She might be exactly how you imagine. It was like she came straight out of fiction. Like a real heroine.
Did she wear kimonos?
Yes! And while she always propped up
I didn’t know yakuza moms existed in real life.
Yeah. She was strict but fair, and cared for the other members, so they really adored her. She was old-school cool.
Don’t tell me that she rejected your dad’s advances at first until he finally broke her down?
That’s exactly what happened!
Wow, that’s like straight out of a manga!
I feel so happy for some reason.
Yeah...
Taeka trails off before glancing over at me.
It could be the yakuza way to be drawn to the volatile and brash ones.
But I’m very straightforward and earnest.
What did you say?
I’m very straightforward and earnest.
Maybe that’s why.
Taeka scratches her head.
So your mom was like the ideal yakuza wife.
Or maybe the ideal yakuza wives you find in fiction were modeled after my mom.
Really?!
It wouldn’t surprise me.
I guess the Hatae Clan really is that amazing.
Although, this is probably something only I know about... but my mom had a highly visible scar on her neck.
Was she a bit rough when she was young?
Not at all. I was curious, so I asked her about it. Then she reacted surprisingly bashfully.
She said my old man gave it to her.
......
I didn’t really understand it at the time, but thinking back... I can’t believe she told her young child that.
A scar on her neck Taeka’s father gave her.
And her mother was acting bashfully.
In other words...
I see.
It clicks.
I know it’s tasteless to really discuss this, but I mean, putting it somewhere so visible for everyone to see is, you know...
Yeah.
I don’t know what else to say.
I’m just in a daze.
I want Taeka to leave a mark on me too before we’re torn apart.
I come to the mines at night alone.
But it’s not to work.
After Sister Julia’s coup attempt, I was transferred to a different worksite.
Normally, a non-miner inmate shouldn’t be able to come here.
In other words, I’m slightly breaking prison rules.
I’m using my connections with Captain Yugao, plus a shift on night duty, to enable this outing.
As long as she’s at the top, I won’t be punished unless it’s something really damning.
Yo.
Taeka.
I run to her as soon as I see her.
Did you have any trouble getting here?
Who do you think I am?
My woman.
You motherfucker. That’s my man.
Taeka’s man.
Hearing the way that sounds makes me happy.
But... here?
Yeah.
There’s so many lights.
It’d be too dark to see anything otherwise.
And they’re still mining...
They mine twenty-four hours a day after all.
And it’s really hot and humid.
It’s forty degrees Celsius and humidity of ninety-five percent.
......
I’ll be spending the next ten years in prison.
I want to create memories with you everywhere I can.
Well, fuck, how can I say no then?
But I feel the same way. I want more memories with you. There’s never going to be enough.
Then let’s make some unforgettable memories.
Yeah...
How’s this?
Perfect.
Taeka is down to her underpants and thrusting her butt out at me.
It’s incredibly provocative.
Okay, well I definitely feel like I want to shrink away...
Are you embarrassed?
Obviously! You might be used to this, but there are still people working down here!
Don’t worry, they’re really far away, and nobody is going to come way over here.
You say that, but... I mean, I’ve worked with these people before... plus this is out in public. I’m like a real sicko or something.
We’ve already done anal, and I face-fucked you while you were tied down.
So don’t worry, you’re already a certified sicko.
Ngh... I hate that I can’t argue with that.
It’s not something to be ashamed of. I love my sicko Taeka too.
Seeing you like this... makes me very hard.
I can see that.
Fine. You can jack off all you want looking at me.
I will...
I announce before I begin jerking my rock-hard cock.
Wow, you’re really masturbating. I...
Taeka’s eyeline locks in on my bulge.
I feel my excitement building from her intense staring.
Is that how you do it? Guys just jerk their dicks skin and all?
You didn’t know?
I mean, from books, yeah... but it’s the first time seeing it in the flesh.
Taeka is watching a man masturbate for the first time in her life.
Being the first one only intensifies my excitement.
Hah, hah, hah...
Her healthy body is already sweaty.
The temperature and humidity in the mines are enough to make you sweat without even doing anything.
Sweat is beading on her modest breasts.
And dew drips down her wide-open legs.
They glisten under the lights.
It’s incredibly hot.
Uh... How is it? Does your dick feel good?
Really good. I love jerking it to you.
Yeah...? That’s nice...
.........
Taeka closes her mouth and just stares at me masturbating.
She squirms slightly.
Hey, Shuichiro... What am I supposed to do?
What do you mean?
So I’m showing you my naked body... and you’re masturbating to it... What else should I be doing right now?
What do the ancient bedroom arts have to say?
I didn’t learn anything about watching someone masturbate.
Not knowing what to do, Taeka furrows her brows as she expresses her anxious feelings.
It only drives me more wild.
Shuichiro... What can I do for you?
She asks me.
She’s trying to do whatever I want to satisfy me.
The thought alone makes me want to sully her beautiful body with my fluid.
Then I want you to swing your boobs.
My boobs...?
She jostles her hips to cause her firm breasts to bounce up and down.
How’s this?
Perfect!
My eyes are transfixed on her breasts.
The small movement causes the breasts to bounce in such an alluring manner.
Her peach-colored nipples stand erect in the middle of her breasts.
I jerk faster.
The fact that she’s doing this to support my masturbation is what turns me on the most.
Oh... Hehe, does your dick feel that good? Men really do love tits, huh?
I love your boobs!
Do you want to touch my boobs? Do you want to lick my nipples?
I want to grab them! I want to suck them!
You can’t. You’re the one who said that you want to get a good look at my body and burn it into your memory. That’s why you were only going to masturbate to me.
So all you’re allowed to do right now is to jerk your dick while you look at my tits. That’s it.
Ngh!
I regret ever saying that.
How could I not be allowed to touch such beautiful breasts in front of me?
You can’t touch them, but you’re free to use your imagination.
Imagination...?
You can fondle my tits all you want, suck my hard nipples...
Or place your hard dick between my tits and titty fuck me.
.........!
My imagination explodes.
I imagine placing my dick between Taeka’s breasts.
Rubbing my dick against her nipples.
I imagine Taeka doing her best to squeeze my hard dick between her breasts.
I want to do it so bad.
I want to sandwich my dick between them. I want to rub it all over her.
But I can’t right now.
Oh, my. Look how excited you are! Your hard dick is dripping from its hole.
Ngh!
While the precum makes it nice and slippery, the feeling of frustration is stronger.
Only able to masturbate with Taeka so close by.
I want to take back everything I said before.
You’re the one who said you’d only watch. My idol wouldn’t go back on his word, would he?
Taeka seems to have realized the point of this act.
I’m being toyed with.
Look over here, not just at my tits.
She thrusts her hips forward.
It’s the alluring triangle of sex.
It’s covered by the flimsiest of cloths.
Hardly reliable enough to hide such an important area.
You’re jerking yourself while looking at my underpants. Go ahead and use your imagination and get yourself off.
Oh, but of course you can’t touch me.
Ngh, ngh...!
I bring my face close to Taeka’s crotch and continue to masturbate.
Her legs are wide open right in front of me, but I can only masturbate.
Even though we’re lovers, the only thing I can do is no different from masturbating to some porn video.
It’s so pathetic and awful.
Hehe, can you tell? There’s a stain on my panties.
......!
What do you think it is? Just so you know, it’s not sweat.
Your... love juices...
Correct. You know, I want to burn your image in my mind too.
So watching you jerk yourself off really turned me on... and now I’m all wet.
My pussy is really dripping. I bet your dick with all that precum would slip right in.
......!
I want to see Taeka’s pussy so bad.
I want to put it inside Taeka’s pussy so bad.
If I just reach out with my hand, I could easily rip that thin piece of cloth off of her.
Then I could slam my raging hard-on deep into Taeka’s dripping, wet pussy.
But I can’t right now.
Despite the humiliation, I just move my hands faster.
The frustration only makes my soul burn hotter.
You want to see my pussy that badly?
I do! I want to see your pussy!
Is that right? Then it should be a little see-through because it’s wet. You might be able to make out my pussy.
She’s teasing me.
She uses her expert dirty talk and is enjoying my reaction.
I already know it in my mind, but my eyeballs are fixed on her crotch.
Hey, that’s way too close. Did you want to see my pussy that badly?
She wiggles her hips to provoke me.
I pathetically gush out more precum.
Taeka’s pussy!
If I squint my eyes, I feel like I can make out a slight pink hue of Taeka’s pussy lips.
It’s only a slit under a piece of cloth, but my dick is trembling with excitement.
Mm, hehe... Did you get all excited by the pussy under my panties? Both your dick and balls are trembling.
Is your dick juice going to come out?
I feel dizzy from the heat and humidity of the mines.
I can’t think straight.
The only thing I can process is the dirty words coming out of her mouth.
Go on, cum. Let all that dick juice stored inside your balls gush out while you think of my pussy.
Taeka’s covered in sweat too, and her body can only express flirtation.
I want to do dirty things to her.
I want to sully her body with my semen.
I want to ejaculate. I want to cover her all over.
That’s all I can think about.
Hah, ahhh!
I jerk my dick like crazy.
Cum. Bukkake. That’s all that runs through my mind.
Mfff, that’s so fast... I bet your balls are burning up. You wanna cover me with your dick juice, don’t you? You want to ejaculate to me, don’t you?
Good. Cum. Imagine your dick fucking my pussy and give me all your cum.
Ah, ahhhh!
Jerk that dick! Jerk it! Cum like you’d cum inside my pussy! Cum! Cum!
Cum, cum, cum! Cum inside that imaginary pussy and empty your balls! Cum yourself stupid! Cum, cum, cum!
Splurt, splurt, splurt! Hehe, that’s so much dick juice... Splurt, splurt!
Hah, hah...
Goddammit, my body’s all sticky with cum. How much dick juice did you have stored up in those balls? Did that imaginary pussy really feel that good?
Hah, hah...
Unable to even respond, I simply try to catch my breath.
Despite the humiliation and not being able to penetrate her, my whole body is filled with a strange excitement.
I want to experience more of this pleasure.
Taeka...
Hm? What is it?
Show me your pussy...
What?
I want to cum some more... This time while I look at your pussy.
I promise I won’t touch you.
Taeka simply blinks for a few seconds.
Then she gives me a broad smile.
Okay, fine... Was jerking your dick to me really that good?
Despite the provocative nature of her words, she brings her hands down to her hips.
Then she slips off her underwear.
Okay, here’s the pussy you’ve been waiting for.
Ahhh!
My hand moves right away.
Taeka’s slit is right in front of me. Her secret place. Her pussy.
What I could only faintly make out, that I had to imagine in my mind, is now right in front of my nose.
So amazing.
It’s much pinker than I imagined.
Sweet nectar dripping down.
My hand can’t stop jerking.
You’re way too excited... How badly did you want to look at my pussy? You’re gonna cum right away again at this rate.
She’s right.
Despite just emptying, my balls are filling up with my white liquid again.
Because I really wanted to look at it.
Obviously, I’m going to cum right away.
Would you get even more excited if I started shaking my hips? Look, it’s my pussy dance. Go ahead and jerk your dick.
Ah, ahhh!
That scandalously pink slit is doing a sexy dance in front of me.
I feel a wave of pleasure surging.
I thrust my hips pathetically despite not even having real sex.
Come on, give me more of that dick juice! Jerk that dick looking at my real pussy and give me that second load!
Taeka is right in front of me, already covered in my first load.
Her body is sticky with sweat and semen, the embodiment of lewdness.
There’s no stopping now.
I’m not stopping no matter what anyone says.
I’m going to cum all over Taeka.
Looks like you only got pussy and dick on the brain. Good, cum like you’re cumming inside a pussy. Cover your idol with your dick juice.
......!
Cover Taeka, my idol, with my cum.
Yes, I will.
Taeka, I’m going to cum again! I’m going to cover you with my dick juice!
Okay! Look, here’s my pussy! Cum again! Jerk it to my real pussy and blast that dirty white cum all over me!
Cum! Cum! Pump out that ball juice thinking about dicks and pussies. Cover your idol with dick juice!
Splurt! Splurt! Spluuuuuuuurt! Heh. That’s a lot of cum for a second load... real dick milk.
Does your dick love real pussies that much?
Hah... Hah...
I catch my breath as my body still trembles from the lingering pleasure of my climax.
I love you... I love your real pussy.
Hehe. I love your earnest and straightforward dick too.
My dick and your pussy are in love!
Yeah, they’re in love.
Taeka jokingly says that and looks up at me.
So, this pussy that loves your dick hasn’t had enough.
......!
You can go again, can’t you?
(END)
Whoa, a blackout?
I bet there’s been a gas build-up.
I’m glad it was after our session.
I mean, I’m sure it’s all good for you, but I’d be pretty sad if this was the end of it.
What can we do then?
Well... It may be pitch black, but we can still do it.
No.
What...?
If we have sex while the gas concentration is high, there’s a risk of causing an explosion.
Because the friction from our genitals will cause a spark that would ignite the gas?
Exactly.
That won’t happen.
Plus there is coal dust everywhere. If we have sex here, it’ll mess up our lungs.
You were totally out of breath a few seconds ago.
That’s no problem because I practice Kazan Shingan Style.
It’s not perfect.
We end up changing locations.
Let’s do it here.
Yugao will kill us.
If we have sex here, every time I watch Captain Yugao take care of the flowers, I’ll have the memory of doing you here.
That’s fucked up. What are you, a yakuza?
Yeah.
Oh, right.
Taeka gives an exasperated shrug.
She casts her gaze downwards and twists her upper body towards me.
Her cheeks are red as she looks up at me.
Shuichiro. It’s like I’ve been turned on this whole time... You know what I’m getting at, right?
?
I would’ve punched anybody else by now.
So, you know. Let’s have sex already.
Can you ask me to do it in your pussy?
Can you fuck me in the pussy?
Okay.
And so we are going to have sex.
Why did he make me ask that?
I stand behind Taeka and grab her wrists.
Her back is so beautiful underneath the moonlight.
Mm, hehe... I can finally get your dick inside my pussy.
My dick is already rock-hard.
Her soft butt feels so good.
Can I put it in?
Yeah. I watched you jerk it to me. It was so fucking hot. My pussy is already dripping.
She seemingly really wants me to put it in because she’s already using language to get me horny.
Then I should oblige...
Ah...
Shuichiro?
I don’t have any condoms...
I was so focused on the masturbation play that I didn’t think about condoms at all.
It’s not good to skip contraception...
I feel guilty turning Taeka on so much and then not being able to follow through...
Heh, it’s fine...
......?
You can put it in raw.
Raw?!
And you don’t need to pull out. You can cum inside.
Cum inside?!
Blast that cum deep inside my pussy.
Blast my cum deep inside?!
If you enter the Hatae Clan now, you’ll receive a free keychain of the Chief.
A free keychain of you?!
You don’t have to be surprised by everything.
I want a keychain of my idol.
Although, now’s not the time for this conversation.
You’re really sure about doing it raw...?
Yeah... I’m going to marry you one day. In that case, maybe it’s okay if you get me pregnant.
......!
Just kidding. I figured this might happen, so I’ve been on the pill.
The pill.
I confiscated it from an inmate who had a hidden stash. I decided to use it for myself.
So we can do it raw without any worry.
I take a huge gulp.
I can put my dick in raw without any worry of a pregnancy.
The fact that Taeka took the pill beforehand means that she was planning to have sex with me from the start.
But if we were just going to have sex, we could’ve used a condom. The reason she’d go out of her way to take the pill means...
I wanted to experience it while I was here too... your raw dick.
......!
Well, there’s no holding myself back after she says that to me.
I’m putting it in, Taeka!
Mm... Do it, Shuichiro.
I pull my hips back and place my tip against her wet opening.
Hah! Finally... Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
I put it in.
My dick sticks deep inside Taeka’s pussy.
Ah!
In that moment, I feel a surge of electricity from my cock.
This is so different from doing it with condoms.
This is what it’s like to experience Taeka raw.
The way her pussy lips grip me is different without the latex in between.
They stick to the surface of my penis like suction cups.
How can a thin piece of material change so much?
Oh, aha... Wow...! Is this really the same dick? Hah!
Taeka feels the same way.
The pleasure is so great that she’s moaning just from me putting it in.
The sensation is so sweet, that I forget that I’ve already ejaculated twice.
If I start moving, it’s going to be way too crazy.
But as soon as I have the thought, I’m already thrusting my hips back and forth.
Ah, mm, hah... Yah, ah, oh, ahh!
A shiver runs down from the top of my head to my toes.
My penis is already as hard as it’s ever been.
Each time I push it in and out, I can clearly feel her folds gripping at me.
A sensation similar to a climax is assaulting me at every moment.
This is raw sex.
The pleasure is almost terrifying.
Oh, oh... Oh, oh... Shit... Oh my God... I feel like my pussy is gonna go crazy...
Taeka is already moaning with pleasure.
She is feeling what I am.
Taeka is feeling this same tingling.
Then I want us to feel even more.
I want her to feel good.
......!
My butthole tightens up and the head of my dick flares up as big as it can get.
Then I use my engorged tip to dig around inside Taeka’s pussy.
Ohhhhhhhhhhh?!
She lets out a loud scream of pleasure.
Ho, oh, your dick... is scraping out the inside of my pussy... Ohhhh...
Her smooth limbs are quivering.
She’s already orgasming to a small degree.
She is the one who taught me the art of sex.
The one who taught me everything I know.
The chief of the Hatae Clan, whom strong men follow into battle.
She’s being driven crazy by my raw dick.
Taeka! Taeka!
Oh! Oh! I-I’m going to go crazy...! Getting fucked raw... is making me feel drunk!
Go crazy! Get drunk, Taeka! Get drunk on my dick! Get pussy drunk!
What the fuck is pussy drunk? Heh... Hey, time out... Seriously... I’m going to go crazy...
I won’t wait!
Gah!
I aggressively thrust my hips to slam my penis against the deepest part of her vagina.
Just then, her vagina tightens, imparting intense pleasure to my engorged head.
Your raw dick is squeezing me!
It’s not that I won’t wait. It’s that I can’t.
My hips are thrusting on their own without any conscious effort on my part.
We are fully naked under the night sky, out in the open, having unprotected sex.
It’s animal sex.
Ngh, hah, try to... keep the sound down...!
Each time... oh, your dick... slams into my pussy... It makes loud noises...!
I can’t! It makes a lot of noise because you keep gushing out your pussy juices!
Fuck you! Don’t blame it on me! Your dick’s precum is...! Agh! Ngh, oh!
Besides, your moaning is way louder than our sex!
Ngh, it’s not like I’m being this loud because I want to... It’s your dick’s fault!
Taeka’s having trouble thinking as she starts to drown in pleasure.
Glch! Nlch! Zlch!
Each time my meat rod slams deep inside her, our body fluids mix together to release a dirty sound into our surroundings.
Her healthy peach butt undulates in waves.
Mm, ngh... Mm...!
Taeka desperately tries to keep her mouth shut and stop herself from making any noises.
Ngh, mm... Muh, mm! Fuh, mm, ngh! Fuh...!
Sometimes a few breaths escape, but she’s still holding back the best she can.
Taeka is so impressive. The Young Hawk of Hatae is not your average person.
However, it’s only human to want to make her squeal in a situation like this.
......!
I somehow regain rationality to stop my hips that were her pussy’s prisoner.
Thanks to Taeka keeping her voice down, I am able to exhibit some self-control.
Hm...? Hah, hah... What’s wrong, Shuichiro?
I stopped thrusting.
Huh...? Why?
Because it seemed like you wanted to keep your voice down.
I-I did... But I didn’t mean for you to stop your dick...
But if I move my dick, you moan.
Y-You can’t blame me for that... It’s a biological response... There’s no controlling that.
You want to keep your voice down, don’t you?
I mean, we are outside after all... There’s only so much Yugao can do for us...
So I guess it does seem best that I stop.
Ngh...
This is where I really tease her.
I’m going to make her want me to move my dick.
......
But it’s not that easy for me either.
Since I stopped my movement with my dick inside her, my penis is extremely frustrated.
It wants to move more. It wants to devour this hole.
A lust of that level is growing with every second.
My hips tremble with a desire to run rampant inside her vagina.
Still, it’s time to endure.
All in order to destroy Taeka’s self-control.
To get her dick-crazy from the bottom of her heart.
Even if it kills me, I’m going to need to endure this.
Mm, ngh, fuh, ahh...
Taeka squirms at the very limit of her horniness.
......!
Her pussy lips wriggle around my penis.
Telling me to move.
I want to move. I want to thrust in her.
I want to thrust my hips like an animal.
Hah... Shuichiro...
What is it?
Your dick is flinching inside my pussy... I think it really wants to move.
......
No.
Heh. Don’t try to act tough. It flinched again. It wants to taste my pussy, doesn’t it? You wanna fuck me like an animal, don’t you?
I do. I do so much.
......!
I frantically try to tamp down the lust bubbling up inside me.
Taeka knows what I’m doing too.
She knows I’m teasing her to make her moan again.
And Taeka is playing along, asking me to move.
But Taeka’s competitive nature comes out.
I wonder how good it’d feel if you start moving your dick right now.
My pussy would grip that dick so tight... and you might just blow your load inside.
Which is why she’s teasing me back.
If I move now...
If I think about it, I’ll lose.
I can so easily start moving my hips again. I can enjoy the pleasure of her hole.
But I’d rather see Taeka break.
I bet this is hard on your dick. Instead of trying to be all stubborn, it’ll feel so much better if you just fucked this pussy.
Come on. Just a little. Just move that dick a little and get a taste of this pussy. You should be safe if it’s just a little bit.
No. I’m barely hanging on as it is.
If I move even slightly, I’m going to lose all control.
Just hold on. Just hold. Hold. Hold.
Try focusing everything on your dick. See, doesn’t my pussy feel good on your dick? This is your dick’s first taste of raw pussy.
......!
I grit my teeth and resist my carnal urges.
I start to get dizzy. My vision goes white.
You can feel my pussy squeezing tight on your hard dick, can’t you?
I bet your dick’s going crazy. It just wants to fuck my pussy hard and empty those dirty balls inside, huh?
I’m starting to lose my grasp on my sanity.
Hah, hah, hah...!
I breathe harder as I try to hold fast.
I already know.
Taeka isn’t just provoking me.
Her dirty talk is a double-edged sword that increases her own desires as well.
Mm, haa... Ah, hah... How’s that dick doing...? Hah...
Every time she says the word dick, she can’t help but focus on it.
Hah... You’re about at your limit, aren’t you? Mm, with my pussy...
And each time she says pussy, it’s hard not to focus on it.
Taeka’s been teased since the masturbation play.
Ah, hah...! Dick... Dick, dick... Your raw dick in my pussy...
No matter how patient she is, she is at her limit.
Taeka’s hips slowly begin to move.
Ngh... Hah...
It’s the slightest of movements.
But there is an explosion of pleasure in that instant.
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
Ohhhhhhhhh, ohhhhhh!
She pulls her arms, slamming her crotch down like a beast.
Any semblance of self-control is obliterated in an instant.
As Taeka gives into her lust, the whole situation changes.
Ah, raw dick... Oh, raw dick in my pussy!
Her cock-teased pussy has gone dick crazy.
A drug-like jolt of electricity runs through our bodies.
There is no controlling it now.
Even if a captain or the prime minister himself walked in or if a meteor crash landed, there would be no stopping my hips.
It feels so good, I’m drooling.
I’m going to cum inside Taeka’s pussy.
I’m going to bust through that pill inside her and get her pregnant.
Dick, oh, oh... Oh my God... My pussy! I feel your dick inside!
She is moaning like a prostitute.
She can no longer control her voice.
Without a doubt, I’m the only person in the universe to have heard Taeka’s bestial moans.
I love her.
I love Taeka so much.
Taeka, let me bite your neck!
Oh, ngh... Mm, okay... Bite me! Leave a mark!
I collapse on Taeka’s body as I continue to thrust inside her.
I nudge her long hair away with my head and bring my mouth to her pale neck.
So slender and beautiful, especially underneath the moonlight.
I get my teeth right up to her neck.
Ahhhhhhhh!
I lose my mind and forget to control my strength. I easily break the skin and cause her to bleed.
I leave a permanent mark on Taeka’s neck.
Where everyone can see.
Ahhh, I-I’m bleeding... Mfff! Shuichiro! Shuichiro!
I lick a bit of the trickling blood.
It tastes of iron and sweat. Taeka’s flavor.
My heart is pumping like crazy.
My cock is twitching from this perverse act.
Each time I thrust, I feel an intense tingling like I’m about to orgasm.
I feel it coming on.
Perhaps I’m already cumming.
I won’t last more than a minute.
Taeka, I’m going to cum... My dick is going to cum!
Oh, ungh... Your raw dick! Cum inside my pussy!
Oh, oh, ngh, ngh, I’m going to cum too!
Her pussy lips start to squeeze and spasm.
It almost vibrates like a sex toy.
My mind is already blank.
My pussy is going to cum! I’m going to cum from your raw dick! I’m going to cuuuuuuuuuum!
Hooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!
Oh, ohh! Ah, ah... So much dick juice... Your raw dick is pumping inside my pussy...
Oh my God... I’m cumming again... Ah, hah... My pussy won’t stop spasming...
The sensation of cumming inside her without a condom is indescribable.
The ecstasy is so great, I almost feel like I’ve reached a higher plane of existence.
The convulsions won’t stop. My butt is trembling. My whole body is numb.
Oh, hoh... Oh, mm, hah... I’m still cumming... It almost feels like it’s not my pussy...
Taeka has a blissful look on her face, and her body is still trembling.
I know exactly how she’s feeling.
We just had an intense sexual experience.
Sex that defies logic and could change history.
Do you think we just made a baby?
Oh... I doubt it. I took the pill after all.
......
......
It was amazing sex though...
But I doubt I’m pregnant.
......
I didn’t cum
Taeka remains silent.
I see...
Ow... It’s starting to hurt now...
Taeka scowls as she holds her neck.
Sorry, are you okay?
Don’t apologize. I wanted you to mark me too.
Right.
My eyes are naturally drawn down to her neck.
The mark I left on her will be with her forever.
It fucking hurts worse than I thought. Is this the shit my mom went through?
It didn’t seem so bad when I bit you.
Yeah... I think I was numb from the pleasure.
Yeah... We definitely went a bit crazy there.
Forget it. I didn’t go crazy. You’re the one who went crazy.
It was really hot when you started humping me though.
......!
Taeka’s face turns bright red.
Next time... I’m going to win.
I look forward to it.
......
She glares at me with a disgruntled look.
What?
I think you just learned today that I’m not as patient as you.
I don’t think that’s the case, but I keep my mouth shut and listen.
Which is why when I get out, I’m going to feel worried right away. Worried about what you’re doing. Whether you’re going to come back to me.
I will. I promise.
Yeah. So can I make a mark on you too?
I just nod.
Thank you.
Taeka walks closer.
She opens her mouth and leans her face in.
Mm!
......!
She bites hard onto my neck.
I feel a warm trickle run down.
It’s my blood.
Lckk...
Taeka laps it up.
Mm...
Did it hurt?
It hurt a lot.
I told you. Hehehe...
Why did you lick my blood?
You licked mine, didn’t you?
I just... wanted to.
It’s in place of the sake cups. Since there’s no sake here, they’re the blood cups.
Last time we kissed instead of toasting our oath.
I did that as your matriarch.
And this time?
As your wife...
Taeka gives me an ephemeral smile under the moonlight.
Her eyes are slightly welling up.
Swear you’ll come back to me, Shuichiro. I promise I’ll be waiting.
Whether it takes ten years or twenty, I’ll keep a place ready.
I swear I’ll come back to you.
Even if it takes a decade or two, I promise I’ll be back at your side.
Heh... Preferably ten.
I’ll do my best.
We both smile at each other, blood trickling down our necks.
Just then, I get a sudden vision of the distant future.
It’s ten years later.
There is a man and woman walking through the city, laughing together.
Nothing special, just an ordinary day.
They aren’t heading anywhere in particular, just taking a leisurely stroll.
The two people have similar scars on their necks.
I knew in that moment that everything was going to be okay.
I’m going to return back to Taeka.
I will be spending the rest of my life with her.
But for now...
I want to titty fuck you next.
You’re still not done?!
I’m going to spend what little time we have left together before we have to say goodbye.
(END)
