Yo, how are ya?
......
Hey! I’m talking to you!
......
Are you dense or what?!
Ozawa...
Hey. Stop spacing out... here.
I hold out my fist. That’s how we say hello around here.
Why should you be on top? Tch... just for today then.
Welcome back outta the hole.
Geez, stop spacing out... did you turn crazy after being in there for two weeks?
I got thrown out... from the rehab program.
Huh?
I can’t... make more games.
Are you fucking serious?
Hi, how was the two weeks?
I got sacked as soon as I returned.
Sacked?
He’s still going on about making that game...
Yeah, I remember how hot he was on it. It’s because of that you got sent to solitary in the first place, isn’t it?
It wasn’t a game that deserved to be punished.
I wouldn’t want to say it in front of the Chief, but... eroge are a no-go.
It was a piece of art.
With porn in it.
It was essential to question our existence and significance.
......
When you’ve been inside these walls for a long time, you end up seeing all sorts of people.
Some who’re twisted to the core, and others dealing with stuff that might just tug your heartstrings. On the outside, they’d all go in the ‘sicko’ bucket and that’d be the end of it.
If your game has the power to shake the close-minded into thinking again, then yeah, it’s definitely a work of art.
You get it, Mr. Kugitani.
But in the facility, you have to listen to the guards.
No matter how meticulously crafted it is or how well it turns out, all it takes is one word from one guard and that’s the end of the whole thing.
That’s unreasonable.
That’s how things are.
We’re the ones who did crimes, and they’re the ones in charge of us. I’ve seen more outsized punishments than I’ve seen days in here.
I once heard someone say ‘In prison, all hope is in the hands of the guards.’
What do you mean?
Exactly what I said. Any hope you find in here can vanish with a wave of their hands.
And what’s worse, some of them have picked up the hobby of crushing inmates’ hopes.
Yeah... Some of ’em are worse than us yakuza.
Which means...
Our game could’ve been taken away even if it wasn’t erotic?
I... wouldn’t have been surprised.
There was an inquiry, right? Like I said before, it’s just extra work for the guards. If we didn’t have to squabble, they wouldn’t have to deal with it.
So inmates who stir up trouble aren’t exactly popular. There’s a good chance you were thrown in on false pretenses to serve as an example for everyone else.
......
These are just assumptions, but they make a lot of sense.
Everything can change according to one guard’s mood.
The game I poured my soul into was confiscated, and they took me out of the rehabilitation program.
I understand that it was because of its explicit content.
It’s not like I don’t get their reasoning.
But I have my reservations.
Would the game have been crushed the same way if I had lost at the hearing?
If Eroducer ended up leading the game dev team, would he have been forced to shut the project down without a word in edgewise?
It might have been allowed to keep going. I’ve seen enough of how things work in here to believe that.
The trial was biased, bought out with money and connections, and meant solely for my downfall.
......
I may have been thrown into solitary, but it’s not as if I could never get back into the rehabilitation program.
I could put on a show of being a good boy, clinging to the guards’ feet like a certain piece of crap.
If I play the model prisoner again, I should be able to get back my position.
But...
In the end, no matter what I do, I’ll still be in the palm of their hands.
Even if I pour my heart into making another game and remove the explicit stuff, it could just happen all over again depending on their mood.
I can’t escape that situation as long as I’m inside these walls.
Guards and inmates, there’s no changing the balance.
Since I got here, my ten-year sentence got bumped up to over twenty.
They piled up ten more years on me in such a short time and without any legal procedure.
I’m no expert, but there’s clearly something wrong here.
The system is supposed to prevent personal vendettas driven by individual emotions.
In this facility, it’s not the law, but the guards who inflict penalties arbitrarily.
I’m not exaggerating when I say it’s just pure vigilantism.
And if the law can’t protect me, this twenty-year sentence doesn’t mean anything.
I wouldn’t be surprised if in twenty years my sentence turned into a hundred years left to serve.
Even if I do my best to suck up to the guards, they can play with my sentence however they please.
So I thought about my options when I was in solitary.
Rehashing it all now won’t change the conclusion, because the solution is just one word:
Jailbreak.
Are there any inmates who escaped?
Ozawa’s eyes widen, and he quickly glances around.
The guards’ attention is elsewhere. Mr. Kugitani smoking a cigarette just a moment ago is proof of that.
Mr. Kugitani?
I can think of a few who tried.
And?
They failed...
Escaping from here is near impossible. Wanna know why?
Because the walls are high?
What do you think?
Me too?! Hm... is it the staff? There are guards watching with guns... and... the SST is strong... I guess?
I see.
Which of us is right?
You’re both wrong.
Option C, then...
It’s not a multiple-choice question!
The answer is: |the sea|.
The sea?
The most critical part of an escape is what happens after you get outside the prison walls. Once they notice you’re gone, your face will be broadcasted all over the country in no time.
I remember seeing that on TV as a kid.
So you need to find a place to hide, but you can’t do that here.
Because we’re surrounded by water...
Exactly, the surroundings are patrolled 24/7, and no unauthorized ship can land here.
Can’t you swim away?
It’s too far... Well, maybe if you were the world’s best swimmer. But in the end, it still wouldn’t get you very far.
Why?
The currents. Once they realize you’re gone, they just have to check the tide to know where you’ll end up and wait to pick you up.
And just when you think you’re safe, they’ll send you right back to the facility... that’s rough.
Well, most people would just get captured while swimming. There’s no way to hide out in the open sea.
Even if you had some secret plan for crossing the sea, escaping through the wall itself wouldn’t be easy. It’s not like outsiders can get close to help, either.
I’m sure many folks have thought about escaping, but the more you think about it, the more obvious it becomes. You can’t escape this prison.
Can’t even |think| of a good way to do it, let alone actually pull it off...
Some guys in here even call the facility the ‘Iron Maiden,’ because it locks up sinners and doesn’t let them escape. Pretty clever, huh?
Hear that, Shuichiro? If you don’t want your sentence to be bumped up again, you better not cause any more trouble.
Everyone’s a maiden at first.
Hey!
Even Alcatraz had its share of escapees.
That’s true.
The heck’s an ‘Alkatraz’?
No idea. I just heard other inmates talking about it.
Seriously...
I think it’s a soccer team or something...
Heh... if you really wanna get out that bad, I’ll tell you the way.
There’s a way?
The easiest way is to earn it.
Oh...
And you’re not trying to earn it?
I’m quietly arranging things without the guards knowing, aren’t I?
(END)
What do you think, Amatsu?
As he said, I don’t think escaping would be easy.
Is it impossible?
I don’t think so. There has to be a crack in the system somewhere.
A crack...
We can find something. There’s nothing I love more than a good crack, after all.
Right...
Even if the building is completely crack-free, the same can’t be said for the people in it.
I agree. Everyone has a weak spot.
What are you muttering about?
Oh, you’re out.
Kurebayashi!
I bow as soon as I see her face.
What are you doing?
The game we worked so hard on... is gone.
So it seems.
You were more dedicated to that game than anyone else.
What makes you think that?
Big sorry, bro.
Are you provoking me?
I’m apologizing.
Well, you suck at it.
Everyone has their own talent.
You seemed genuinely happy when making that game.
I’m gonna be very honest, sorry if it hurts your feelings...
I couldn’t care less.
You care about my feelings...
Are you even listening?
It looks like she truly doesn’t care about the game being canceled.
I guess only Amatsu, Chisato, the Chief, Sofurin, and I were truly dedicated to it.
I just came to make sure of something. With this, we’re even, right?
Yeah, I’m the one who owes you now.
Without a doubt.
She’s done so much for me that I’m the one in debt now.
If there’s ever something you need my help with in the future...
Number 0720!
I feel nostalgic hearing her angry voice.
I guess after two weeks, it’s only natural to feel nostalgic about the smallest things.
I see you’re back. So...? Have you thought about your actions, over these past two weeks?
I immediately lower my head.
Oh... you really did?
The game we worked so hard on... is gone.
Huh?
You were more dedicated to that game than anyone else.
You didn’t really give me a choice...
Big sorry, bro.
......
I feel a stern gaze on the top of my head.
Are you trying to insinuate something?
Insinuate?
You ended up in solitary because of the game you made in the rehabilitation program even though I approved it.
You’re looking for revenge, aren’t you?
I’m not.
Don’t lie to me! You think it’s my fault! I’m sure that’s all you thought about for two weeks!
No.
That’s too easy to say.
I was in charge of the project. Therefore, all responsibilities fall on me.
Hmph... look at you acting all righteous...
Her words lack their usual sharpness.
The dark circles around her eyes have deepened. She hasn’t been sleeping much.
The order to stop the game must have been a shock to her, affecting her sleep as well.
Suddenly, Amatsu’s words cross my mind.
Everyone has a weak spot.
I’ve heard that people who lack sleep tend to accumulate stress easily.
Following that logic, Sofurin could be easily stressed.
Which would make her mentally unstable.
People dealing with such issues often find themselves facing challenges...
Opportunities to take advantage of...
If you’ve really reflected on what you did... that’s fine. Keep on being a good boy.
That’s my angle...
Huh?
I let my thoughts slip out.
Have you lost your mind?!
No.
What’s wrong with you? The minute someone shows a hint of kindness, you’re all over it! ‘Angel,’ my ass!
I think there’s a misunderstanding.
You are!
Sofurin is visibly flustered.
Despite my tongue slipping, things aren’t looking too bad.
Might as well steer the conversation in my favor.
People who misinterpret signals like this turn into stalkers and end up here... I’ve seen plenty like that! Are you one of them?
What if I am?
Don’t play that card! You probably think you’re special, right?! You’re different, your feelings are genuine, not a misunderstanding... You’re just ignoring the other person’s—
......
Gh......!
She stops suddenly.
Captain?
Anyway... I’ll report that you disrespected a guard right after getting out of solitary.
She lowers her eyes, then quickly turns away and leaves.
......
The conversation ended abruptly before I could turn it to my advantage.
If I’m not wrong, something changed in her eyes as soon as she saw Kurebayashi.
Now that I think about it, I never saw the two of them together while we were working on the game.
Does the captain hate you?
Me? No way.
Is that so?
You’re the only one getting hated around here.
By whom?
By Captain Shikolenko! Isn’t it obvious?
......
What?
(END)
......
Sofurin is standing in front of me when I sit down for breakfast.
She stares at me with sharp eyes.
I wonder if she’s hungry?
I’m going to monitor you for the next two days...
I get déjà vu.
May I ask why?
I reported the outrageous remark you made the other day... It was decided that a guard should be assigned to correct your behavior since you show no sign of reflection even after being in solitary.
I see.
I was chosen for the task.
Oh.
Just when I thought I was done with my piled-up work...
That’s unfortunate.
No, it’s |entirely your fault.| Now shut up and eat or I’ll write you up for insubordination.
I follow her instructions and start eating.
I am being monitored as soon as I get back.
Now that I think about it, that’s actually pretty convenient.
As Mr. Kugitani said, the greatest obstacle when escaping is the sea.
So, what’s the biggest obstacle before reaching the sea?
The guards.
If there were no guards in the facility, crossing the wall wouldn’t be that difficult.
It’s the guards’ presence that restricts inmates’ actions.
If you’re constantly under scrutiny, the difficulty of escaping skyrockets.
That’s why it’s crucial to gain the guards’ trust.
And the guard who’s been assigned to me has a weak spot.
One that I’ll exploit.
Why are you looking at me... focus on your meal!
Yes, ma’am.
According to Kurebayashi, Sofurin hates me.
Whether it’s true or not, it might not necessarily be a bad thing.
Someone once said...
Human emotions are quite complex, and sometimes people say the opposite of what they truly feel. ‘Hate’ can sometimes mean ‘love.’
A girl from the Sex Crimes Ward said so.
Her nickname is “Ice.” There is never a shortage of women thrown in for stalking, and she seems to have been the thirty-first.
If her theory is correct, then one might even say that Sofurin likes me.
Don’t stab with your chopsticks. This is how you hold them.
If I can build a trusting relationship, the surveillance is bound to loosen.
I could end up being favored and getting a position that allows more freedom.
But that’s not all...
Eat the vegetables first. Save the carbs for last. They raise your blood sugar.
I might be able to use her to escape.
......
Right... you worked down here, didn’t you.
Yeah?! Sorry, what?!
I really didn’t want to come back...
Move it, beanpole!|Eep...!
Sofurin jumps back as if scalded by boiling water.
History repeats itself...
Oh, C-Captain...?! Uh, I... I’m sorry...
There is one difference from that day.
That’s fine... I’m here watching... just continue your work safely.
Sofurin seems to have become less overbearing in her use of authority.
Clearly, that incident is still affecting her.
Keep safe!
Keep safe!
Oh... Ke...ep safe!
I promptly start working too.
Minato! You haven’t forgotten how we do things during your time in solitary, right?!
I haven’t!
All right, let’s see it then!
Let’s dig that hole!
That’s the spirit! Hustle, you’re two weeks behind!
Yes!
Holding the pickaxe, I start digging.
Despite the two-week break, my body still remembers the movements from all the previous experience, even if my stamina has taken a hit.
It’s much better than sitting in solitary.
......
Sofurin looks puzzled as she watches me dig.
Actually, she looks helpless.
Despite visiting a few times, she probably doesn’t have a good grasp of the mine work.
Without a good understanding of the operations, she can’t casually give instructions or critiques. And let’s not forget that incident.
In other words, I’m the one in charge for the day.
There’s no reason not to take advantage of it.
Exhibitiman! It’s slippery there!
Oh, it is! Thank you!
Careful here! The ground’s a bit shaky. Don’t want any accidents!
I have to be careful with Sofurin around.
It’s time to buckle up and concentrate on the job.
You’ve gotten better at handling the pickaxe!
Thanks to you!
......
The lights in the tunnel suddenly go out.
Cease operations!
Cease operations!
I put down the pickaxe and take a deep breath.
My stamina has decreased over these two weeks.
If I’m seriously considering an escape, I need to work on it.
Hey... this is a power outage, right?
Yes.
Is it okay, though?
It happens a lot.
Doesn’t it happen when the gas levels get too high...? Isn’t it dangerous?!
The power shuts off before the gas levels get out of the safe range.
As long as there’s no flooding like before, there’s no need to panic.
I... I see...
But you can’t work like this, can you?
We’ll disperse the gas to lower the concentration. Like this.
I extend both hands and move my body, cutting through the air.
Are you messing with me?
Everyone’s doing it.
Really...
I am messing with her.
However, it isn’t entirely pointless.
It does help disperse the gas and serves as a bit of stretching.
But it would be far from enough if we really wanted to lower the concentration.
The ventilation fans keep running even though the lights are out, and they’re what takes care of the gas concentration, but—
Ah... like this?
She takes the bait.
Unsure of what she should do, Sofurin starts mimicking my gestures.
That’s right!
This is fine now, let’s focus on that area.
Haa...
I lead her away, acting perfectly natural.
Mind your head.
Huh...
In the darkness, Sofurin directs her light toward the low ceiling.
......
Being out on the open sea, the mine has high humidity, and both the soil and rocky areas are considerably moist.
While the soil might be manageable, the rocky surfaces are extremely slippery.
Sofurin is currently walking on a slippery slope.
Now, if you walk down a slope like that with all your attention directed overhead...
Ah!
You’re going to slip.
Be careful!
By the time I warn her, I’ve already caught her and stopped her from falling.
If I apply pressure on her leg, she should be able to stand.
...But that won’t be enough.
I throw mine out too.
I can’t hold it anymore. I’m falling...
That’s fine.
I have to save the captain, after all.
And...
Ugh...!
I slam my head into a minecart for good measure.
Ha...?!
Ugh...
Number 0720! Hey, are you okay?! Hey?!
I did it.
No, I |over|did it.
I put too much power into it.
My hands are shaking. I can’t breathe.
Answer me! Number 0720! Pull yourself together! Are you conscious? Are you okay?!
It hurts... a lot.
I can’t speak.
Number 0720! Hey! Minato! Hold on... Damn! I need to get him out! What should I do?
Just when I thought you finally came out...
After finishing the treatment, Doctor Higuchi laughs, amazed.
Ah, the vigor of youth... Or maybe you just like me too much?
Hehehe...
It’s hard to tell if you’re joking or serious with that laugh of yours.
We had a similar conversation before, and I was told to smile, but it doesn’t seem fitting this time.
But man, what a disaster. An accident right after coming out of solitary...
I was careless.
Careless? You were trying to protect Sonya, right?
If I had been more careful, she wouldn’t have slipped.
Oh, I see. You’re really serious today.
Do I usually joke around?
Not exactly, but you do seem a bit more relaxed than usual, right?
Well, I think a bit of humor is necessary for humans. As a doctor, it’s reassuring to see both sides, but...
Some people only show one side...
Are there people who mess around all the time?
Haha, yeah! A guy once told me ‘Let’s go on a date once I’m out!’ Then when I asked about his sentence, he said, ‘Life.’
That’s a common prison joke.
She adjusts her posture slightly and looks at me with a gentle gaze.
Accidents are something we’d rather avoid, but... as Sonya’s friend, I appreciate what you did today.
Thank you.
I’m sure she is grateful too.
Is that so?
Yeah. Even though she might not express it clearly due to her status... she’s very grateful.
She’s grateful...
Gratitude plays a significant role in building trust.
Things are going according to my plan.
Didn’t you already help her before? You know, on that terrible stormy day...
I nod, recalling that time when Sofurin wet herself...
So that’s twice now. She might not only be thankful, but also feel sorry for what happened.
I hadn’t thought that far at the time, but that also plays in my favor.
At this rate, the day when I gain her trust might not be too far away...
But... for the same thing to happen twice, what a strange coincidence!
It’s fate!
Fate?
Amatsu said that if coincidences keep happening, it’s fate!
Oh, your friend, right?
Yes!
Haha... talking to you is always a fun time.
Doctor Higuchi doesn’t inquire further about Sofurin.
All right, as usual. Where’s the candy?
I made the right decision today. To avoid the guards noticing, I quickly swallow the candy I receive.
Do you get along with Captain Shikolenko?
I ask as I leave.
We’ve been friends since she came here. I’m her senior.
Was she always like that?
Hmm... that’s a tricky question. But... she hasn’t changed much, I guess.
She’s always been a serious person.
(END)
Huh! Haa!
The next day, I am back at the mine.
I feel good, no fever, and the pain is almost gone.
......
I feel Sofurin’s gaze upon me.
She said she would be watching me for two days, so she should be returning to her usual duties by now.
I want to close the gap between us, but she’s been oddly quiet since this morning.
I wonder what’s on her mind...
Cease operations!
Cease operations!
I put down the pickaxe.
Flapping my hands, as usual, I approach Sofurin.
Is it the gas...?
Yes, we need to wait for the concentration to decrease.
It rises quite easily...
The coal seam accumulates methane gas. Mining naturally increases the concentration.
I try to show off my knowledge, but she doesn’t seem to care.
She’s been like that all day.
She sometimes looks like she’s about to say something, only to throw an “It’s nothing” back at me. And the cycle repeats.
I guess it’s just something that’s difficult to bring up.
I should create a more comfortable atmosphere for conversation.
Whoa.
I fall on my butt.
Hey! What happened?
I slipped.
You were just standing... Are you okay?
I’m fine.
Okay.
Okay.
......
......
I’ve heard that minor mistakes or failures can ease the tension and bring liveliness to conversations.
But Sofurin’s attitude remains the same.
Whoa.
I deliberately take another tumble.
What the heck...?
I slipped.
Eh? Does friction not apply to you...?
I forgot.
That’s not something you just forget...
Wait, you mean you’re... still not too well?
What?
I mean, you got injured yesterday... because of me...
Ah!
Resuming work! Check your instruments!
We all check out our measurements, the heavy machinery, individual equipment, and current progress.
Keep safe!
Keep safe!
After the greetings, operations promptly resume.
......
Working our bodies out like that every day leaves you craving some meat off the grill, doesn’t it?
Sure does! We already have the coal! Haha!
After inspection, we all go back to our nests.
Let’s head back to your cell, Number 0720.
Yes.
In the end, I missed my chance to talk with Sofurin today.
Following her lead, I head back towards my cell.
May I ask you something?
You don’t have to raise your hand... What is it?
How long will you be monitoring me?
Your work is done... I’ll stop once you’re back in your cell.
In other words, it’s already over.
I couldn’t find any issues with your behavior since yesterday.
Serve your sentence without causing any trouble. If you do that... things might turn around someday.
Thank you.
It looks like I left a good impression.
She doesn’t fully trust me yet, but I can’t rush things either.
My sentence is incredibly long. Building these small connections slowly is the way to go.
I want to take another step forward, but...
They should be done with work, right? Bring me free inmates!
Oh, Sofiya...
Captain Yugao...
I remember this face. I’ll never forget it.
Hazuki Yugao, captain of the Serious Offenses Ward.
The mastermind who took my game away from me, along with Warden Mizushiro.
I knew I recognized that face! You’re the game-making boy.
Were you two up to some funny business again?
I was monitoring Number 0720 to check if there were any issues with his behavior after his time in solitary.
And?
I’ll do my full report later, but... looking back on these two days, he has reflected on his actions.
Two days? You must have a lot of free time... There are more effective ways to make them obey...
Let me hear about it later...
I’ll be waiting for you. By the way, could you clean up around here?
I...
There’s a lot of useless things around. Some of them have exceeded their time, so handle their disposal, will you?
I still have to finish my inspection, the report... and...
You have some free time, don’t you?
What a forceful statement.
All right. I’ll take care of it...
Yugao grins at that response, then casually walks away.
Not even showing a hint of remorse.
Please wait.
Sofurin looks surprised as I interrupt her.
Yes?
Yugao shows neither surprise nor irritation on her face.
Just a gaze directed at the man stopping her.
Captain Shikolenko is busy monitoring me for good behavior.
And?
Please don’t bother her with another task right now.
She doesn’t reply, her expression doesn’t change.
Nearly ten seconds pass in silence.
I can even hear Sofiya breathing.
Then we can consider the monitoring complete, right, Sofiya?
Y-Yes!
Sorry, but I don’t think you have that kind of authority...
I feel something push against my neck.
I apologize!
Sofurin is making me bow.
She’s holding my head low, too low.
I thought you said he was getting better...
I am sorry... he doesn’t know his place yet... he’s been locked up in solitary for a while...
She’s pushing my head further as if to say, “apologize right now.”
Big sorry, bro.
We should teach you some manners.
Yes... I’ll take full responsibility.
Huh... do your best, okay?
Yugao finally leaves.
Seriously... why couldn’t you just behave until the end?
I thought she was being unfair.
No matter what you think, there are people you should be careful not to cross...
I want to earn points with Sofurin, but it looks like I missed the mark on that one.
There’s one more thing I understand now, though.
Yugao doesn’t flinch even when being confronted by cheeky inmates.
She is widely feared by inmates in the Serious Offenses Ward, and I often hear how severe her punishments are for even insubordination.
I thought she was just hot-tempered, but she turned out to be quite different.
Sofurin was way worse in the beginning.
Yugao looks calm but disinterested in others.
I guess she sees us as nothing more than insignificant pests.
She doesn’t get emotional over insects trying to rebel.
If I want to find an opening in the future, I have to figure out a better angle.
Gathering this intel made standing against her entirely worthwhile.
Within these narrow walls, the more information you have, the more moves you can make. If I want to escape, I should collect as many moves as I can.
How long are you gonna stand here?
What?
As Captain Yugao said, your surveillance is over. Go back to your cell.
How about you?
You heard her, I’ll organize the storeroom.
I’ll help you.
What?
That’s a lot for one person.
You’re not a slave. Prison work is your duty as an inmate, but you have no obligation to assist with a guard’s task.
I blundered in front of Captain Yugao.
I also want to improve your impression of me.
And have you write it in your report.
How eloquent.
She takes off her hat and ties her hair.
Don’t be sloppy, it’ll fall on me if you mess up.
Yes!
I start working by her side to avoid arousing any suspicion.
There are a lot of things in these boxes...
Mainly office supplies—I can also see some printing paper, ink, and even worn-out book covers.
And a lot of trash near the bottom.
If there are any documents, pass them to me. Don’t even think about stealing anything.
Yes.
It’s an easy but very time-consuming task.
Should she really be wasting her time on this?
Why don’t you delegate this to your subordinates?
It’s overtime... Can’t force that onto the lower ranks.
I’m starting to understand why she has those dark circles around her eyes.
Now that I think about it, doing these chores, even supervising me shouldn’t be a captain’s job.
You’re doing a lot.
Enough with the sweet talk... Stack these over there. Don’t bang them.
All the way in...
I pile up the boxes she hands me at the back of the storeroom.
But as heavy as they are, it’s like child’s play compared to working at the mine.
I lift the second box.
Gh......!
......
I heard something tear.
It’s your clothes, show me...
That’s... showing me a bit too much.
I’ve been... working out.
Quit smiling. Damn. Next thing you know, this is going to be my fault somehow too.
Sorry.
Well... we don’t have a choice, take it off.
Sure.
Wait, the bottom is fine. Don’t take it off! Just the top... I saw a sewing kit earlier. I’ll patch it up.
I take my top off as instructed.
The back is wide open.
If it’s just this, it should be quick... I’ll use this thread.
She takes off her gloves and starts sewing the gap back up.
You’re quite skilled.
Well, yeah...
A brief response. Perhaps she’s focused on sewing.
It’s probably best if I stay silent for now.
I’ll only say it once...
She finally speaks up.
I’m sorry...
Huh?
She continues, focusing on her fingertips.
Yesterday... you got hurt because of me.
I just did what’s expected of me.
You’re not exactly a model prisoner, are you?
I also feel bad because of the game thing. You got punished even though I gave you permission...
About that...
All done! Try it on.
She throws my uniform back at me.
I guess that’s the end of this conversation.
Does it suit me?
You’ll know you’re rehabilitated when it doesn’t.
Yes, ma’am.
There’s more I want to say about the game, but bringing it up again might sour her mood.
I silently watch her as she puts her gloves back on.
I notice something.
Your hands are red...
Yeah, I’ve always had sensitive skin.
How unfortunate.
This is what I get for going down in that awful, dank cave...
It’s better to stay out of dank caves.
Listen... don’t pull any stunts that require surveillance again, all right?
I swear.
You’re too reckless. If you keep biting at everything that bothers you, you won’t live long. Especially not in here.
I’ll be careful.
My efforts over the past two days have earned me a bit of trust.
Sofurin’s nagging doesn’t carry malice or hostility.
You’re worried about me, aren’t you?
I get held responsible every time you mess up!
Her expression is genuine.
(END)
Heh.
I sit on my bed after coming back from dinner.
Because I was helping Sofurin out, my bathing time wound up shorter than usual, but it was worth it.
I still have plenty of things to think about.
Even if I gain the trust of a guard, it doesn’t mean an instant escape is on the table.
First, I need to figure out a plan to escape.
Second, I need to consider how to run away after escaping.
There might be issues I haven’t even considered yet that may come up in the future.
I have to go all out...
Are you taking a dump, Shuichiro?
Not at all.
Just kidding. You have a lot of problems, don’t you?
Yeah, but I like thinking about them.
Having a goal is a good thing. It gives you the strength to get through the days.
I’m thinking about what to do next.
That’s a tough one... but it’s almost lights-out, Shuichiro.
I’ll continue tomorrow then.
Yeah. If she’s around, why don’t you go greet Captain Shikolenko before bedtime?
Good idea! What a gentleman.
I glance around as I leave the cell.
Just as I thought she might have gone home already...
I spot her.
As I go towards her to thank her for the past two days, I stop.
How many times are you gonna make me repeat myself?!
She’s in a very bad mood.
I look around, wondering about who’s causing her trouble.
I know that face.
She’s about to explode. The other inmates are minding their own business, hiding in their cells.
She’s going to punish her. I wonder what happened.
What do you think?
A hundred and fifty squats.
I’ll go with a fifteen-minute plank.
I...
Lights-out! I won’t say it again, go back to your cell.
Go back to your cell! Get ready for bed!
Sofurin turns her back to Kurebayashi and continues barking the same orders.
Option C?
Option C!
Now is not the right time to start a conversation.
As I turn to leave, Kurebayashi is still standing there.
Her hands are slightly shaking.
I notice something.
Her hands... are red.
Breakfast is pretty simple today; rice, miso soup, natto, and pickles.
Sofurin is not here, so I can enjoy stabbing everything I want with my chopsticks.
Come to think of it, I still have no idea what happened between Sofurin and Kurebayashi last night.
I should ask Mr. Kugitani.
Hi.
Kurebayashi sits across the table.
Morning.
Good morning.
Eat!
The day starts with Officer Yamagishi’s loud voice.
I heard you’ve been with the captain for the past two days...
Yeah, she’s been monitoring me.
Did anything happen?
She seemed softer than usual.
Details.
Before, I’d quickly get punished or my score would go up. None of that happened this time.
Probably because we became friends.
You’re really simple...
What else could it be?
The captain was monitoring you to ensure you didn’t cause trouble. What would have happened if she gave you a punishment?
It would mean that... I caused trouble?
Exactly. So if she wanted to write ‘no issues’ in her report, she couldn’t raise your score or give you any punishment.
I see.
Whether it’s true or not, this logic makes sense.
Did you talk about me at all?
We didn’t.
I see...
She looks concerned about Sofurin.
Now’s the time. I’ll ask directly.
I heard you and the captain arguing last night. What happened?
A cockroach.
A cockroach?
It was crawling around my cell. It gave me the creeps, so I asked to change cells...
They even come out in this season...
That was not worth asking.
You don’t like cockroaches?
Of course. Do you know anyone who does?
Freebug.
Oh, right... that sicko who gets off on putting insects on random people.
Did someone call me?
We didn’t.
I heard something about bugs, though...
Shut up.
We are nothing alike. I hate bugs. Just looking at them makes me itchy.
Hearing that, I take a look at her hands.
The rash she had yesterday is gone.
It looked a lot like the rash Sofurin had on her hand.
Are you related to the captain?
What?
She glares at me.
What’s up with the random questions?
The captain had a similar rash.
So I thought you might be related.
I swear you have the smoothest brain... Following your logic, is every bald dude in the prison your brother?
Brother?
Sorry, but... no... I hope you find him though...
I guess not.
That’s what I’m saying... Sharing a trait doesn’t make you siblings, right? Dumbass.
I mean... we are |hole| brothers, though...
I’m not talking to you.
The “hole buddies” joke doesn’t sit well, and the bald guy gets taken away by Officer Yamagishi.
He said too much...
Looks like it...
After that, we all go back to our breakfast silently.
I want to ask for more information about Sofurin, but I guess I’ll do that another time.
My job is done for today.
How was your first day underground, fresh meat?
Hard, way too hard... Why am I even here...?
Due to this morning’s incident, Psychobaldie gets sent underground.
He keeps repeating “No hair, no pubes?” all day...
He really doesn’t have any.
In here, the smallest remark can determine your fate.
I have to watch my mouth.
Exhibitiman!
I hear a voice from outside the ward.
Kurebayashi.
Officer Something is looking for you. Come with me.
Got it.
I don’t remember doing anything worth calling me over, but it is what it is.
I’m probably walking into the lion’s den.
I follow her, hoping it’s not too serious.
We arrive at the laundry room.
I feel nostalgic about this place...
A guard is waiting for us.
How can I help you?
......
I often hear from other inmates that she looks like she’d do you for cheap... but she turns away without answering.
What’s going on?
She wasn’t actually calling you.
I see.
But her being here wasn’t a lie.
Kurebayashi wouldn’t bring me here without permission.
We get along quite well.
She anticipates my question and briefly explains.
I had something personal to discuss, so I’m the one who asked you to come.
And what’s that?
We used to work together in here. Remember?
I remember.
Hanamaru and her goons came for us, and we fought back.
We did... Right around here.
That’s when we... Remember, we did it a few times? You know, the fake kissing.
With a plastic board between us.
She nods.
Because of our situation, I haven’t told anyone, but... every night when I lie down... I think about it.
Kissing me?
She nods again.
I can’t... forget about it.
Especially while you were in solitary... I was really worried. Wondering if it was my fault. I was afraid you might be mad at me...
I see.
But you came back and talked to me without a single harsh word.
Of course, none of this was your fault.
She’s avoiding eye contact with me.
There’s no indication of rejection in her eyes.
They seem full of promising intentions.
I never would have thought you were worrying so much.
I... have always been bad at expressing my feelings.
Even during the game development?
Yes...
She’s almost whispering.
Every time you came close, my heart felt like it was about to burst out... You were so obsessed with the game, I thought you didn’t care about me, but...
That is the only thing on my mind.
Well... this simplicity you have... it’s not bad, or rather... it’s...
These awkward sentences are very out of character for her.
That alone conveys her sincerity.
It’s hard to express how I feel... with words...
Then, let actions speak.
Can I show you?
Sure.
She lets out a shy smile.
I can’t help but be captivated by that expression.
Can you... close your eyes?
No need for crude words. I close my eyes in silence.
......
I hear footsteps.
Rin deceived and belittled me with a kiss.
Crappymori fucked me over with her “Gizmenau” password.
During a time when I hated the very idea of a kiss, Kurebayashi kissed me on that board.
I found hope in that kiss.
If anyone can be trusted, it’s her. She helped with the game too.
The footsteps stop.
Kurebayashi caresses my neck.
(END)
