Good luck, have fun.
I kiss the floor.
What just happened?
I immediately try to assess the situation.
My whole body aches. I can’t move my hands. There is a cold, sharp thing in my neck.
That can only mean one thing.
I have you pinned down. Resist, and I’ll stab you.
Who would’ve thought a simple kiss could lead to such a situation.
Why?
Ugh!
A sharp pain runs through my arm.
Are you listening? I told you to shut up!
I didn’t say anything.
She ignores me.
Why did things escalate so suddenly?
I can’t think of a good reason.
There’s no way she can pull off something like this without the guards noticing.
The guard that was here moments ago...
...is gone?
I told you, we get along.
I didn’t know they got along 
I’m trying to gain Sofurin’s trust, but it looks like Kurebayashi is already far ahead.
Answer my question. Why did you think I was related to Sofiya Shikolenko?
I get it.
The remark I made this morning is the reason behind all this.
Answer!
Just like I said... you both had similar rashes on your hands...
That’s all?
That’s all...
I can feel the pressure of her hand holding the weapon.
You can kill a man with a screwdriver.
People usually aim for the mouth or eyeballs... but there’s really no need for that...
All you need is a little pressure, and even the weakest person can pierce through the neck. All the nerves in your body converge here.
And they’re not that deep. If I push this in, I can easily damage your nervous system.
Unfortunately, that’s not my area of expertise. I don’t know exactly where to stab.
That’s why I’ll just stab randomly. You might survive if you’re lucky.
There’s a good chance you’ll become paraplegic, paralyzed from your neck down.
She presses the weapon against my skin as if checking its texture.
So I’m asking again. Why did you think that Sofiya Shikolenko and I were related?
The rash... on your hand.
I don’t change my answer.
......
She maintains a strong grip on my wrists.
I’m throbbing from the pressure.
You’re unusually calm.
Did you actually see this coming?
You caught me... completely by surprise.
You thought I’d kiss you?
I thought you’d kiss me...
She evaluates the situation.
Any element that interferes with the plan, no matter how small, must be eliminated...
A plan...
I have no idea what she’s talking about.
But I’m caught in a dilemma because of that plan.
You’re the most simplistic one-brain-celled guy ever. You’re completely reckless. However...
You thwarted Rin’s plot, and got Eroducer sent to solitary.
I don’t hate you, but I must eliminate any potential threats.
You’re gonna kill me... here?
I won’t. If someone dies, no matter how close I am to the guards, I can’t cover that up.
She moves the screwdriver away from my neck.
The thin blade is inches away from my eyes.
She could gouge them with the slightest wrist movement.
You illicitly brought out a weapon and tried to harm me because you resent me for the game failing. The guard, my witness, will testify to that.
I don’t resent you.
For that, you’ll be sent back to solitary. It won’t be just two weeks this time, for sure.
She’s not listening to me.
She’s not the only guard I’m friends with. I have eyes everywhere.
So, if you ever snitch about my connection to Sofiya...
She mentions Sofurin again.
As I thought, she’s worried about her relationship with Sofurin.
It seems I took a shot in the dark and hit.
You’re her sister...
She doesn’t answer.
And your plan has something to do with her.
No answer.
I could help you...
You...?
She answers.
I spot a crack in her guard to slip into.
I turn my head around at full speed.
If she didn’t need help, she wouldn’t react.
Meaning she needs my help.
Whether it’s something simple or creative...
I can help.
I have my own agenda—I can’t afford any more punishments if I want to escape.
You need help with your plan, right?
You stand out too much, and you’re not worth taking the risk to have you around.
I won’t stand out.
If I have a clear goal, I’ll endure any pain or humiliation.
......
I foiled Rin Hanamaru. I won an award. I beat that Eroducer, too.
I approach without fear for the blade at my eye.
I’ll definitely be useful.
Even if that’s true... I can’t trust you.
You... were a great help with the game.
What if I say that I want to repay you for that?
It’s not enough. Do I look like someone who can trust others solely based on something like that?
That logic doesn’t work on her.
You know my secret. I can’t keep someone like you by my side.
I could threaten her with that secret...
No. That would only shorten my lifespan.
I only have one card left to play.
I should use it.
I’m planning to escape.
......
It worked.
Now you know my secret.
How do I know you’re telling the truth?
I’m cozying up with the captain to use her for my escape.
I need to get away from their control. I can’t create anything meaningful inside this prison.
How do you plan to escape?
I’m still thinking about it.
Such a joke of a man...
The pain in my arm goes away.
Good game, well played.
She puts the screwdriver away.
Shall we settle that debt then?
Do you trust me?
As long as we both hold each other’s secrets, we can’t betray each other.
That makes sense.
Shortly after entering the facility, Kurebayashi and I cooperated to expose Hanamaru’s schemes.
And here we are, forming a new alliance in this place.
It must be destiny.
You guessed correctly. Sofiya is my sister.
Why hide it?
What do you think would happen if it became known that a guard and an inmate are related? People would get suspicious.
Sounds likely.
I would be transferred to another prison, and my plan would get ruined.
Right, it’s not about Sofurin.
I must ask...
What’s your plan then?
I’m going to escape.
She continues.
I’m taking her with me.
Got it. I swear I’ll cooperate.
(END)
The next day...
Having a new accomplice is a big step towards my escape. Daily activities resume.
I spend the day swinging my tools underground.
I wonder what kind of plan Kurebayashi is thinking about.
She hasn’t told me much about it yet.
I must talk to her after I’m done with work.
Look at this. The work down here is so hard, today when I woke up, all my hair was gone!
Who needs a flashlight when you’ve got such a shiny head?
Let’s focus on the task at hand.
I can’t afford to get another injury.
Number 0720!
Yes?
Come. You’re transferred.
She’s Kurebayashi’s “friend.”
Stop.
I’ve never been here before.
It looks very different from the other places I’ve been assigned to.
There usually is a tense atmosphere all over the facility.
That’s something I became sensitive to after being locked up in here.
Inmates’ heavy breathing, the smells, the stern gaze of the guards, and their intimidating footsteps all build up that tension.
But the atmosphere in here feels lighter.
Here is Number 0720!
The guard looks at me with tired, narrow eyes.
That’s him, right, Number 0721?
The inmate standing behind her answers without a glance.
It’s him.
You do have experience in ship maintenance, right?
I do.
Well, that’s new.
It’s easier to have your accomplice around.
True.
I follow her, whispering.
The guard is focused on her computer and doesn’t pay attention to us.
How did you manage to get me here?
We happened to be short-staffed. One guy got sent to solitary earlier this morning.
Lucky timing.
Lucky indeed.
A coincidence?
A pure coincidence.
You’re also friends with the guards around here?
More or less.
It does seem to be that way.
What did you say about ships earlier?
This is a shipyard.
You build ships?
No, we don’t. We mainly do inspections and maintenance on small private ships.
Looks difficult.
You’ll be doing it too.
Me?
You’ve done this before, right?
I have... not.
I know. I won’t ask you to jump in right away. Don’t worry.
That’s a relief.
The experienced guys will handle the inspections.
Okay.
You’ll be supervising.
Okay.
Hmm...
This is sudden.
To be honest, I don’t know a thing about boats.
Even if I want to ask Kurebayashi about it, she’s busy supervising another team, and I can’t interrupt her.
Even if I could, relying on her in this situation wouldn’t be wise.
Although it’s very clear that I’m completely unqualified here...
I just told her that I could be useful yesterday.
I can’t have her think I’m incompetent so soon.
The inmates I’m supervising all look very familiar with this.
Let’s check the engine.
That guy with the snake-like eyes looks to be the most experienced.
Yes!
I’ve seen that face somewhere.
She switches jobs a lot. She seems easy to manage, but she might be gone again tomorrow.
How should I approach this? I must be careful not to make anybody suspicious of me.
I should start by observing quietly, but...
Is that how you always do it?
Let’s try a more proactive approach.
Yeah and? You got the Drone Girl’s approval, right? How do you not know that?
I do. I just don’t usually go by the same order.
Fuck you...
I don’t recall you doing so.
Oh, fuck off, I should adapt to your method? Just because mine’s different?
He looks mad.
I can’t blame him. It’s only natural to be annoyed if a guy who just got assigned here starts bossing you around.
But I can’t let this slide.
Even the smallest of arguments can escalate here.
If I overlook a problem now, it might come back and bite me in the ass later.
I’m not asking you to adapt. There’s a proper way to deal with every situation.
Building good relationships with the guards is important, but there are more inmates than guards inside these walls.
If I want to escape, it’s best to win all the allies I can while making as few enemies as possible. That applies to prisoners and guards alike.
I need to navigate this situation skillfully.
I’m the supervisor on paper, but I’m the most junior here. I want you to let me watch and learn for now.
I show a respectful attitude while making it clear that I won’t be taken lightly.
Watch and learn then... I like a bit of spirit, but I hate dumbasses.
BO Snake returns to his tasks.
......
I manage to create a pretext for observing without revealing my ignorance.
Doing that also prevents me from getting annoyed comments about me watching him.
I barely know anything about ships...
I don’t even know what kind of fuel they need.
I always thought they ran on oil.
Kurebayashi said that these are small ones, so they could be working with diesel.
I guess in this season, kerosene might be a good option.
If we consider the compatibility with marine life, cooking oil might be the best option yet.
Hinako often says that camellia oil can be used for anything.
If it can be used for anything, maybe it would work on a boat.
Flame retardant looks good! No leaks!
Ah... No flammable gas! No risk of explosion!
The other inmates proceed with their inspection.
Any risk of flooding or capsizing?
Any issues with equipment, pumps, and hoses?
Are navigation lights, lifesaving equipment, and fire equipment in place, along with the emergency signal flare?
Even though it’s only prison work, they’re being very thorough.
Or is it because it’s prison work that they’re being so meticulous?
I deliberately move closer, observing from behind.
That’s right, just like that.
Ah, hm...?
I am faking an understanding of what’s going on, tilting my head at each of their movements.
It must be very annoying for them.
Oh... you like doing it that way...
It’s bound to make them self-conscious about their methods.
Are you... harassing me?
No, I’m just trying to learn your methods.
Stop reacting to every move. It’s distracting!
Sorry about that. I’m used to speaking out loud about everything that comes to mind during work.
Tch...
Crappymori and BO Snake reluctantly return to their tasks.
The feeling of being watched and being assessed is growing in them.
That sensation of being inferior while under someone’s surveillance...
It’s a technique the guards use every day.
Whether it’s during meals, showers, or work, they always monitor and intimidate us.
Through this repetition, we unconsciously internalize the hierarchy—those watching are on top, and those being watched are underneath.
The method is effective. Borrowing it like this, I appreciate its power.
Once they’re used to it, inmates and guards each develop their sense of what to do to survive behind bars.
I may not enjoy this approach, but I’ll steal what I steal and use what I can use.
There’s no room for moral judgments. If it helps with my escape, that’s all that matters.
We’re done, Supervisor...
All right, let me see.
Taking their place, I verify if everything is in order.
Of course, I have no idea if it is.
Hm... Okay.
I nod as if I do.
I drag my hand across pumps and hoses, nodding at navigation lights and fire equipment.
It’s all about the act. As long as I look confident, I can blow smoke.
Hm...?
I squint my eyes and gaze at the life jacket.
Not looking at anything in particular.
I just make it look like I do.
I notice a string dangling from the jacket.
What’s this?
Acting as if there was some kind of issue, I pull on the string.
Whoa!
The jacket suddenly inflates.
Ah, that string is for manually inflating the jacket... Lesson learned.
W-Why?
This is bad.
The other inmates look confused.
They wonder why I blew up the jacket.
I should deflate it, but I don’t know how.
Even if I do, that won’t deflate their suspicions.
Fuck...
You don’t know shit about ships, do you?
He’s doubting me.
That’s not good. I can’t let him expose me.
I know that guy, and until now... I’ve never heard him talk about...
Don’t you get it?
Huh...?
I can’t pull out now...
Don’t you understand why I did it?
I have to shoot first.
Why? You just inflated that for no reason!
Oh... you don’t get it...
Answer? Anyone?
Please, someone, say something...
I need someone to overanalyze and give me a good reason I can use!
No one?
I lift the jacket, but no one reacts.
Well, if that’s how it is...
...I’ll go with the one avoiding eye contact.
Crappymori!
Why me...?!
You should know!
I don’t know...!
Why don’t you?
I don’t know...!
The reason is...?
Be...cause we... were only checking if the life jackets were there or not...?
Eureka!
That’s it!
Exactly!
I say confidently.
This is what happens when you don’t check the jackets themselves!
I try to say something plausible.
After a moment of silence, BO Snake looks surprised.
Was the... sensor... red?
That’s right.
They get agitated.
Apparently, red is bad news.
The guards double-check your work, don’t they?
Yeah... that was a close call... Sorry I doubted you.
That’s okay. I’m the one who made it sound like a test.
Everything else was fine. You guys are better than the people on the outside.
They all look relieved.
Crappymori!
Yes?
Thanks for answering my question.
Huh...?
Hehe... he praised me...
Thank god she’s easy to manipulate.
Fix this for me.
Ah, yes!
I hand her the jacket.
......
That was risky, but I managed to get through.
(END)
I’m done.
You’re not. It’s just break time.
That’s right. Except for the mine, the workshops have a designated break time.
I was watching. I got concerned initially, but it all turned out fine, so I’ll give you a passing grade for now.
I might be a natural.
No, you aren’t. If you’re a natural anything, it’s a con man.
I need you to send me a gift card...
A
......
You had to be able to handle that, at a bare minimum. I can’t afford to team up with someone who gets caught out too easily.
You were testing me?
You could say that. If you can’t do the job, you have no choice but to supervise.
That’s true.
Hand.
Hand?
I take out my hand, and she hands me a small bag of candy.
Eat the whole bag.
I get a passing grade for now.
Om nom...
You don’t have to eat the bag itself.
It’s not very good.
That figures...
I take the candy out of the bag and stuff my cheeks with it.
It’s good.
I’m glad.
Why do you have this?
Are you sure you want to know?
She throws a question back at me.
If you do, I’ll tell you, but look at where we are. We can only keep talking until a guard comes by.
So, are you
I’m being tested again.
If guards were likely to show up, she wouldn’t have given me the candy at all—but that’s not the point.
This is about analyzing the situation.
I have to set priorities in the questions I ask when speaking time is limited.
She’s right.
I can’t say for sure that the guards won’t come.
If they come, I’ll have to swallow the whole bag, get down on my knees, and feign “repentance for my sins.”
If I want to escape, that kind of quick thinking is essential.
What should I ask...? There are so many things I want to ask her.
I need to prioritize. Now is not about candy.
Asking for info about Sofurin or her motivations to escape can wait.
What I need to ask now is...
How did you get on such good terms with the guards?
Ultimately, my biggest obstacle is the guards. Having a relationship with them could make or break my plan.
If there’s a way to get close to them quickly, I should know about it.
She looks at me, silently.
Eroducer seemed to get along quite well with the guards.
Yeah.
That guy really gave me a hard time while making the game.
His fame and money outside the walls allow him to toy with the guards easily.
Bribery?
She looks around and nods quietly.
That’s the fastest way, isn’t it?
I never thought of that.
Of course you didn’t, you’re a penniless nobody.
That’s rude.
Don’t ask if you can’t handle the truth.
It might be true.
Are you using the same bribe as he did?
I hate to be compared to that guy, but yeah... pretty much the same.
Are there that many guards who want to be idols?
Pfft... even the guards are entitled to their dreams.
They should start a band.
Good idea, how about SST48? With their debut single: ‘Heavy Lubrication’.
......?
You’re driving me crazy.
She’s judging me.
Crazybayashi, huh...?
She’s judging me a lot.
Enough with the idols.
But isn’t that how you get the guards on your side?
Of course not. You didn’t actually think that idol thing was serious, did you...?
I did...
Dumbass. Do you even have one working brain cell in there?
......
Looks like she’s not using the idol card.
Which means she’s bribing them with money.
I didn’t know you were rich.
I’m comfortable. You need something to fall back on after getting out of here.
Makes sense.
Even if I manage to escape, I’ll end up on the wanted list.
I’m going to need money to get further away and more money to obscure my identity.
Problem is, I’m broke.
While money isn’t everything, it has too much impact on my potential success to be ignored.
If I’m serious about escaping, I can’t ignore what will happen in the aftermath.
What should I do...?
It’s almost time.
Yeah.
The candy completely melts on my tongue.
To leave no evidence, I swallow the packaging too.
It tastes bad, so next time I’ll swallow it first.
Don’t let your guard down just because you got lucky earlier.
Thanks for the warning. I’ll be careful.
Well... unless something drastic happens, people here won’t cause you any trouble.
Why?
Why indeed. I’ll give you a hint, where do you think that thing you swallowed came from?
The candy...
It can’t be magic. There must be a trick.
Where does she get that candy?
All right, let’s get back. Don’t fuck it up because you overthink it.
Unlike the mine, the shipyard is close enough to the cafeteria to use it at lunch.
The portions are smaller than the miner’s lunchbox, but at least here, you get to eat in a normal environment.
They even have hot soups.
It’s lunchtime at the mine too.
I wonder if they’re doing okay.
Have you figured out the answer?
Kurebayashi sits next to me. We’re about to get the signal to eat.
The answer—she’s talking about that candy.
It’s not the first time I got some.
I lower my voice.
Dr. Higuchi gives me candy at my checkups, too. I’m probably not the only one she does it with.
And?
You took some from her and gave them to me, right?
Wrong.
Okay, then they were in the ship.
Wow,
Am I wrong?
...What’s your thinking?
You did say that ‘unless something drastic happens, people here won’t cause you any trouble.’
Most likely because they don’t want to be sent elsewhere.
So?
And that’s because they don’t want to be sent away from the ships. And that’s because there are candies in them!
In this environment, sweets hold significant value.
It’s not unusual to see people gamble and fight over dessert when we get some for dinner.
How did I do?
60 points.
Out of 60?
As if. If you’d thought that far, then why did you bring the doctor up first anyways?
I was curious if she was giving candy to other people too.
Your stupidity is quite unique. You should be sent to the ‘Lewd Brain Ward.’
My body’s lewd too.
She ignores that.
So? Yes or no?
I don’t know. I’ve never had a medical exam.
You haven’t?
I don’t like her.
I’m surprised.
In this facility, Doctor Higuchi is about the only one who’s on the prisoners’ side.
How can she dislike her...?
Let’s get back on the topic.
What I gave you
Why not entirely?
She tilts her bowl.
I sip mine the same way.
A guard walks by behind us.
After a pause, she continues.
It’s not just sweet snacks inside.
Savory snacks too?
Sour snacks as well...
Could there be... things other than snacks?
Yeah. Alcohol, cigarettes... They sometimes come with lighters too.
Really?
The ships are roughly cleaned up before they get sent to the prison, but since it’s done by external contractors, they’re hardly thorough with it.
Then, we inspect every nook and cranny to ensure there are no issues. And sometimes, nice stuff pops up.
If that’s true, I understand why no one wants to be sent away from the shipyard.
I get why my answer was “partially correct.”
It would have been correct if there was only candy there.
Haven’t the guards noticed this?
Some of them know about it. Dark Circle, for one.
That must be the sleepy guard I saw earlier.
So, she’s aware but deliberately overlooking it.
Yeah.
She confirms.
Dark Circle knows about the prisoners’ rules violations but chooses to turn a blind eye.
Is it because you guys are friends?
You could say that, but you’ve got the cause and effect backwards.
Which means she’s being paid to look the other way...
You’re bribing her to ignore it?
Cough! Cough!
Hey! What’s going on here?
I’m sorry. I choked on my miso soup. I definitely wasn’t daydreaming about being forced to take a golden shower...
You were... daydreaming about being forced into a golden shower because of the soup?!
Huh...? What the—?!
Officer Yamagishi is glitching.
Kurebayashi sits back down.
Watch your mouth...
I’m sorry. I’ll be careful.
Bringing up violations and bribery at the dining table is reckless.
Leaking that information could lead to the failure of our escape plan.
I can’t forget that my future is hanging by a thread.
Anyway...
So, you used things that you found in the ships to... get along better with the guards.
Exactly.
It’s hard to believe that a few candies and cigarettes can have that much power.
I know, right?
She doesn’t seem willing to reveal more.
She’s probably challenging me to think about it.
I have something in mind.
You... got someone on the outside too.
And?
And they’re hiding things for you in the ships.
Pfft...
She laughs.
Not bad... 90 points.
Out of 90?
80 points now.
......
I’m taking points out for the bad jokes.
She’s hard to please.
But she’s not denying my theory. It makes sense if you think about it.
I already know that some guards aren’t against some extra cash.
And she says that she’s bribing them with things she gets from the ships.
In that case, it’s not crazy to assume that there’s money or something equally valuable being hidden onboard.
There’s no way that money would just find its way in. She must have someone working with her behind the scenes.
People do what they gotta do. I’m not the only one doing it.
And the guards...
...don’t know about that either?
Not so long as they’re paid what they’re owed.
So others are bribing the guards as well.
Which means she’s not the only one on good terms with them.
Now I understand why the atmosphere in the shipyard is more relaxed.
It might not be true for everyone, but the guards there are close with the inmates.
No matter how much they try to hide it, the atmosphere says it all.
But if you have someone on the outside...
Let’s say you really want a fidget spinner.
I don’t.
Yeah, but as an example, would it be possible for a fidget spinner to accidentally find its way onto a ship?
Well, that’s not impossible. Not that I would want one.
So she can get what she wants.
We can smuggle in things we need to escape.
Meaning that even things Mr. Kugitani cannot provide can be obtained that way.
My chances of escaping just got bumped up.
Is it a coincidence that you were transferred there after the laundry room?
Yeah, I happened to have a class-one small ship maintenance license.
What a coincidence.
Kurebayashi is on another level. She’s not just talking about escaping...
She already has a clear plan in mind.
If getting licenses is also part of her plan... when did she start planning all this?
You’re... amazing.
Not that much... If it fails, it will be like I’ve done nothing at all.
That’s the only reason why I’m here.
(END)
This place is truly awful.
I walk alongside her on the yard.
I deliberately keep my distance to avoid any trouble.
Not that it’s necessary. It’s very loud and there’s a lot of people around.
My sister shouldn’t be in here.
The captain?
Yes. For my dear sister to be in this filthy prison... It’s beyond unacceptable.
I wonder...
Excuse me? There are way better places she should be in.
She does fit the role.
That’s because she can do anything. She looks good no matter what she does!
I don’t think she would be good-looking while pooping...
She would!
Everyone has their delusions. That’s hers.
A moment ago, I was full of respect for her planning. Now, she’s dropping the idea that her sister would look good while taking a dump.
Life is nothing if not full of surprises.
Does my sister look happy to you?
Not particularly.
That’s all that matters. She has to be happy. I can’t leave her in this place.
That, I can understand.
I want to escape because my feelings will never be acknowledged here.
Anyone can see that Sofurin isn’t leading a decent life just by looking at the bags under her eyes.
I know she’s going through a lot at work.
Like, for example, when she wet herself in the coal mine.
Or got forced to record voice acting for some reason.
Or when she was ordered to monitor me after I got out of solitary.
......
Am I the reason for all this?
What’s wrong?
I might be... responsible for her misfortune.
You’re not.
Kurebayashi...
Don’t flatter yourself.
Kurebayashi...
My sister has been unhappy since long before you came around. This place is rotten.
Except for a few old-timers, this place is filled with dirty sex offenders. The guards are all in their pockets. It’s an F-grade prison, worse than a cult.
You’re a sex offender too. And you’re involved in bribery.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do. The key to surviving in a rotten place is to rely on rotten methods.
I’d appreciate it if you stopped putting me in the same bag with other criminals. I got caught just to come here, after all.
So the voyeurism was just a way to come here?
I wanted to peek into other people’s secrets. Depending on the content, you could make money out of it, plus it’s fun.
But if you commit a crime and no one notices, you don’t get sent to prison, right? So, once I was ready, I purposefully got caught.
I see.
So she was already into voyeurism before.
But she purposefully did a bad job to get caught.
How about the funds for bribery?
Earned with these pictures, mostly.
Mostly?
I also dabbled in crypto to launder that money, but it didn’t quite take off.
Even with that, she seems to have plenty.
Those kinds of funds would be seized upon conviction, but she has a way to access them...
I guess she had taken preemptive measures, since getting imprisoned was part of her plan.
The more I hear about it, the more impressed I am.
You really look up to her, huh?
That’s normal, she’s my sister.
It is?
It is!
Apparently, it is.
I have to get her out of here...
She looks determined.
What a devoted sister...
There’s one thing I don’t understand.
What’s her situation?
Hmm?
The captain is not a prisoner. If she wants to leave, she could just quit.
Kurebayashi knows that, of course.
If that were possible, there would be no reason for her to take such a risk.
Which means...
There’s something keeping her in here.
......
She walks away.
There’s no one around; it’s not about keeping the secret.
You...
She says without looking at me.
I already have a way to leave this place. I know what needs to be done. I also arranged for a ship to come get us before I even came here.
Wow...
So you just have to think about getting out of here. There’s no need for you to know about my sister’s reasons.
Maybe not.
Absolutely not. I’ll handle everything that has to do with my sister. Stop asking so many questions if you want to get out peacefully.
Okay, I’ll stop.
Can I just ask one more thing?
If it’s reasonable.
Can we use the captain’s influence to escape?
No. Assume we can’t.
Got it.
Things would be much easier if Sofurin was involved, but I guess it’s not that simple.
And her reasons for not quitting this job must play a part.
Can I ask one more question?
Don’t you know how to count?
One, two, three, four, five, six.
That’s not what I meant. So, what is it?
I’ll leave the captain to you. What should
Search the cell.
Whose?
Yours. The walls, floor, under the bed, even inside the toilet... thoroughly check every spot you can think of.
I’ll look into it. If we’re going to be thorough, should I drink the toilet water too?
I won’t stop you, but I know
I’ll try it when I’m completely out of places to investigate.
But... does that mean there’s something inside my cell...?
Hey! Can you get that for me?
A baseball hits my foot.
Well then.
As I reach for the ball, Kurebayashi continues ahead.
As she leaves...
I’ll cut you off if you do something stupid. Don’t get it wrong; we’re not friends.
She leaves before I can answer.
......
Hey sorry, did I interrupt something?
Nah, I just got rejected.
I’m glad.
Mr. Kugitani grabs the ball, smiling.
Did you ask her to escape with you?
Something like that.
No wonder she rejected you.
I did try to tell her about the charms of the outside world, but...
She knows about that already.
That’s true.
I avoid the topic.
My situation is different than before, now that I’m part of a plan.
Even if Mr. Kugitani is an ally, I have to watch my mouth around him.
......
What’s wrong?
I was thinking about what you said.
What did I say?
That the easy way out of here was to earn it.
I did say that.
Escaping sounds... hard.
It is. That’s why so many people have given up.
But you’ve given up pretty fast, you usually go all the way when you have something in mind.
I still want to get out, but escaping might not be the way...
If there’s a safer method, there’s no need for me to stick to impossible plans.
Well, that’s certainly like you.
If were willing to give me a hand, though, I might put escape back on the table too.
Hahaha. I appreciate you asking, but the answer is no.
Too bad.
I’m glad he understands me.
Just thinking about being chased after, at my age, makes my back ache. Even the police probably wouldn’t want to chase after an old man like me.
I’m sure some would be up for it.
I’d rather not risk it.
That makes sense.
Being in lockup for a long time makes you give up on everything. You don’t see much point in trying anything new.
Is that so?
Not everyone is like that, but there’s a tendency for sure.
It’s no surprise that people lose their will after being treated like scum by the guards for so long.
Behaving and quietly biding my time sounds like the easiest option.
I feel like I’m becoming more familiar with the system.
If you’re a model prisoner, they might treat you better. If the guards’ opinion of you improves, they might reduce your score as well.
The passion I felt while making the game might completely disappear if I spend too much time in here.
What’s the trick to become a model prisoner?
I don’t want to forget how I felt back then.
You should stop acting so suspicious for starters.
That’s why...
I’ll be careful.
I’m going to escape this place.
......
Walls, floor, bed, under the bed, and even the toilet... just in case.
I check every corner, even the bars, but I can’t find anything special.
Did you check the ceiling as well, Shuichiro?
I don’t see anything weird. I would touch it, but I can’t reach it.
What are you looking for anyway? Shuichiro.
Something that could help me escape, I guess...
Kurebayashi only thinks about the plan. There has to be something in here.
Something... and what’s that something supposed to be?
I don’t know, a hidden door?
On that note, perhaps there are some tools buried somewhere.
That’s possible.
I heard about a guy who had part of the floor set to come off so he could hide a radio in there.
It would be a little bit too convenient to have something like that in my cell, but if she says so...
But... you didn’t feel anything when you checked the floor and the walls, right, Shuichiro?
No.
I knew it. It’s in the toilet.
If that’s the only thing left... Before that, though... How about using me instead of your hands?
What a great suggestion!
While fingers have numerous nerves concentrated in them, dicks have a very unique sensitivity.
I might be able to find something hidden if I use my cock to search.
Let’s try it.
What a lucky day.
I unbutton my crotch.
And I start rubbing it against the wall.
YOU SON OF A BITCH!
A furious voice echoes from outside the cell. Looks like we caught someone’s attention.
What the fuck are you doing?
It seems like I was noticed.
I’m talking to you, Number 0720!
First, let’s assess the situation.
I have my back to the iron bars, with my schlong pressed against the wall.
Luckily, Officer Yamagishi can’t see my cock from behind, so she hasn’t noticed that it’s out yet.
If she does, I’m fucked.
If I try to put the buttons back on, and she notices my hands around that area, she’ll hit the alarm for sure.
I have to find an excuse not to move.
I got stuck to the wall somehow. But I was definitely not fantasizing about a big ass sticking out of the wall and trying to pleasure myself.
You’re fantasizing about an ass sticking out of the wall and trying to pleasure yourself?!
It doesn’t work as well as it did for Kurebayashi.
Are you fucking stupid? Like I’d fall for that trick twice!
She must’ve trained to avoid this from happening again after last time.
How long are you planning to show me your ass?! Do you want me to take you from behind?! That’s what it means when a man exposes his back, right?
At this point, there’s no avoiding punishment.
But turning around would only aggravate the situation.
I have no other choice than to resolve this from behind.
This is... my creed.
Greed? Are you motherfuckers gambling on who’s going to cum on that imaginary butt-wall first?
Not greed... Religious creed.
Religious...?
There’s a devout inmate at my job. After hearing his story, I was deeply moved and decided to convert.
What does this have to do with sticking yourself to the wall?
All believers stick themselves to the wall before going to bed.
Why?
I don’t know.
But I can’t say that. If I show any weakness, she’ll use it against me.
I must find a rational explanation.
Think! If I can’t get through this, how can I expect to get through the prison walls?
I got this.
The Lord gives us trials... and trials are, in essence, walls. In other words, the Lord’s divine will resides within these walls.
By clinging to the cold walls and imparting warmth, we offer prayers to the Lord.
I feel her gaze on my clenched ass.
So?
Does it work?
I see...
It works. I’ve overcome her trial.
I’m a genius.
There is freedom of faith even within the prison walls. A guard cannot deny me my religious rights.
The reason is quite simple: things could go south for the prison if it became known outside that they deny people their right to pray.
There are quite a few sex offenders caught for religious fraud here. You’re not in one of those cults, are you?!
No. It’s a respectable religion.
What is it?
A respectable one.
I’m asking you its name!
Respectablism.
Respectablism...?!
Yes.
Huh...? Wait, don’t tell me... you don’t know about Respectablism?
I do! I’m a certified sociologist! Who do you think I am?
Good. In that case, you can understand, right?
......
She doesn’t look happy about this.
Even if you pray, I don’t think there’s salvation for sex offender scum like you.
She finally leaves after that sharp remark.
......
I tuck everything back in.
That was close, Shuichiro.
Yeah, a bit too close.
That was a good comeback, though. How did you come up with something like that on the spot?
I can’t afford to get on Kurebayashi’s bad side.
I need her to escape. If I fuck up, she’ll cut me off.
We should continue after the lights are out.
Yeah, I agree.
We didn’t find anything, but we managed to avoid the worst-case scenario.
I sit against the cold wall.
The wall cools down my shaved head.
......?
I feel something weird.
What’s wrong, Shuichiro?
I don’t know... something strange.
There’s something off about this wall.
I can’t pinpoint it, but I feel something in there.
Around here...
I cautiously touch it with my hand.
I don’t feel anything.
I don’t feel anything with my hand.
I lean back against the wall.
Yeah... there’s something weird.
Even when I check other places, I can’t find a similar feeling elsewhere.
There is something special about that spot.
What is it?
I place my ear against the wall.
I focus and listen closely to the inside of the wall.
I can hear a faint noise.
It’s like the wall is breathing.
Shuichiro... Could it be?
Yeah, without a doubt.
We’re both convinced.
There’s a hollow space behind this wall.
(END)
That’s it.
Kurebayashi smiles while sipping her soup as I tell her about my discovery.
I got it right?
Do you know about this prison’s origin?
It used to be a famous mine. Many people lived here.
Yeah. It got closed a long time ago and now serves as a prison, but traces of the past are still scattered around.
I guess the use of the mine for prison labor is one of those.
For now, that means...
What’s inside my wall... is one of those ‘traces’ as well.
Spot on.
The space inside my wall is a remnant of the time when people used to live there.
But no matter how hard I try to think about it...
I don’t have a good theory of how it came to be.
There are too many possibilities.
Before coming up with an answer, I have to know what that building was before it became the Obscenity Ward.
Kurebayashi kicks my leg as I scatter my thoughts.
Take this.
She hands me something under the table.
Natto beans?
Natto is a very common food item in here.
Perhaps it has something to do with what’s inside the walls?
Did they use to cultivate soybeans in here?
No, I can’t imagine them doing that on such a small island.
In that case, could the beans be the clue?
These beans are fermented. Fermentation and decay are synonymous.
Could something inside the wall have decayed, turning that space hollow?
What’s wrong? Lost in thought?
I’m thinking about the connection between the beans and the walls.
Huh? None. I just hate beans.
Ah...
Why do you always try to find weird connections...?
......
Without a word, I mix the beans with my rice.
It tastes good.
Thanks.
We’re in this together.
I give the packaging back to her to avoid getting in trouble.
I like beans.
I don’t. The smell... and the texture make me nauseous.
I like a girl with a smelly bean.
Good for you.
Once he realizes we aren’t talking about smells, BO Snake loses all interest in the conversation.
I guess beans and humans alike are left to rot in here...
I wonder if it was already rotten, back then.
I heard it was pretty lively. With over five thousand people on such a tiny island, the population density was the highest in the world.
Five thousand...
I feel like I have heard about it before, but that’s a lot.
It must have been tough even to develop infrastructure. They had to supply water and electricity for all these houses. Not to mention supplying the mine with electricity too.
On top of that, just when everything seemed to be in order, more people and buildings kept popping up... so the ducts became incredibly intricate.
That sounds hard.
Being part of it myself, the prison’s history sounds fascinating.
I never paid much attention to them while working, but I recall seeing massive ducts in the mine.
Electricity and ventilation are crucial down in the tunnels.
I don’t know if they’re still in use today, but those ducts were clearly built to support the mine.
The fact that they extended not only deep into the mine but also across the surface is quite impressive.
Huh?
Something catches my attention.
I heard that building the prison was not easy either. The ducts were so intertwined that they were afraid to break them.
I have to confirm my suspicions.
Are these ducts still intact?
I heard they didn’t destroy all of them.
Which means some of them remain.
Those ducts, by the way...
They might be connected to the space inside the wall.
I heard that they were big enough for someone to fit in.
(END)
