All right. No problem.
It’s only my second day at the shipyard, but everything is going smoothly.
Luckily, the inmates in here try to avoid trouble, but I also think I made a good impression yesterday.
While I shouldn’t let my guard down, as long as I’m being careful, there shouldn’t be any problems.
I need to focus on those ducts.
Judging from what Kurebayashi said the other day, there’s a good chance that there’s a duct hidden behind the wall of my cell.
And probably one that’s big enough for someone to fit in.
What lies at the end of these intricate conduits is a mystery.
If there’s a path leading outside the prison walls, my own cell could become the gateway to my escape.
Of course, I have a lot of issues to address before that.
I have to talk to Kurebayashi.
Come here.
She calls me over just as the break is about to start.
She sits in front of the computer Dark Circle was using yesterday.
She starts using it.
Can we use that?
We can’t.
I thought so.
This is also off limits.
She tosses me a candy.
I’ll make sure to eat the packaging first this time.
Are you allowed to use the PC?
I have permission. I’m special.
Special?
She rolls the candy in her mouth and continues typing on the keyboard.
Having proper qualifications is useful even in a place like this.
There’s a blueprint on the screen.
Looks like it’s a 3D model. When she types, the blueprint rotates, and a list of numbers and terms is displayed.
It looks like a lot of work.
It’s the price I have to pay to use the PC.
Are you doing something bad with the PC?
Of course not. I never do bad things.
That’s good.
I do some hacking and some research about possible escape routes.
That’s a very good thing.
Right?
I glance around, checking that no guards are coming.
Won’t you get caught by the guards?
They probably noticed the hacking.
We’re allowed to hack?
We’re not.
I thought so.
Yes, but again, I’m doing this to get along with the guards. Even if they know what I’m up to, they’ll still turn a blind eye.
She’s bribing the guards with money.
Most likely, she also uses this PC to arrange financial transfers.
Anyway, that’s her area of expertise. If she says it’s not a problem, I won’t worry about it.
While I want to ask about the ducts, another matter catches my interest.
What about those escape routes?
Remember my nickname?
Apple?
That’s my nickname from elementary school.
I had a feeling, given her hair color.
I’m talking about the current one.
Drone Girl?
Yes. That’s what it means.
I ask about the escape routes...
And she just points me to her nickname.
Which means...
Are you looking for an escape route with a drone?
Precisely.
As I nod in response, she plunges a hand into the clothes around her chest.
She takes out a chip the size of a fingertip.
A memory card?
She nods.
This PC does everything in a virtual environment. Once you turn it off, all the data gets erased.
So... you can’t keep the data?
No. But if I use this...
She inserts the card into the PC.
I can save the data I want to keep.
All the data saved into the card appears at the top of the screen.
That’s what I told you about earlier.
As she types, a 3D image of the island appears on screen.
This one also allows her to change the angle and zoom in various places.
The zoom is quite accurate.
There are places I’ve never been to.
All of this is made with the drone?
Yeah. I take photos and convert them into 3D plans.
Amazing.
It’s still incomplete... like this part.
She tries to zoom into the guards’ quarters, but the screen turns black.
I have less data about the mine and the interior structures since we don’t really need it.
Even with that, there’s a massive load of data.
During all the time I spent immersed in the game or rotting in solitary, she was collecting data...
I’m in awe once again.
Did you collect all this since you got here?
I got some of it before coming here, but they are quite vigilant about intrusions. I got shot down multiple times.
After that, I noticed a blind spot in the slagheap, but there’s only a grinder there.
The slagheap is the mountain created by all the rock waste from the mine.
Even if I tried to make a detour, they would find me. So I ended up gathering most of the data after I came here.
To gather data after entering, she has to fly drones within the prison.
Which means her accomplice on the outside sent it to her.
The same goes for that memory card. That’s not something you would normally see around here.
Did you get all this through the ships?
Yes.
...Is what I would say if you were right. You’re wrong.
How did you do it then?
The usual route. I smuggled them, inside me.
Drones and memory cards?
Even the control stick.
How does that fit?
If you take them apart. The human body has quite a lot of hiding spaces, for example...
While sucking on her candy, she reaches for her throat.
She starts rubbing it as if she was looking for something.
Mm... Ungh... Gngg...!
Her throat swells as if she swallowed something, then the swelling disappears down her neck to below her chest.
Phew... look, aah...
She opens her mouth.
She has perfect teeth.
Her mouth is a vivid pale pink, and her moist red tongue glistens in the light.
The candy she was sucking on earlier is gone.
Did you swallow it?
She nods.
She lightly strokes her throat again.
Mm... Guh... ugh... oe... Oooh...! Ugh...
She violently starts retching.
Haa, haa... it’s back.
She rolls the candy around her mouth.
You’re not going to show me?
You wanna see?
Yeah.
Too bad. I’m not showing you.
Too bad indeed...
Even without seeing it, I can tell that she isn’t lying.
But she has such a pretty mouth... I want to see the candy that went inside her.
That sounds risky.
It’s not if you’re properly trained and know your limits. Having something in the back of your throat becomes surprisingly addictive once you get used to it.
That’s sexy.
I wouldn’t recommend it though. If you fail, it could kill you.
And yet, she trained to be able to do it anyway.
A logical approach.
It’s true that during inspections, they check the vagina and the butt, but not up to the stomach.
Well... I did manage to tuck something in there too.
......
Why didn’t they notice?
This facility’s smuggling check is stricter than elsewhere, especially for sex offenders.
This is because the number of inmates who widen their holes is significantly higher than in regular prisons.
There are even rumors that the national average anal dilation is up to 41mm due to this prison’s influence.
Prisoners in this facility often hide things in their holes, and it leads to more thorough inspections.
I wonder how she managed to get through.
There are several reasons.
First of all, I kept my hymen intact. They tend to be more gentle with virgins, and it’s not easy to expand your carrying space down there while leaving that thing in one piece.
Another reason is that I wasn’t a repeat offender. Those with previous convictions naturally undergo stricter inspections, but if you don’t have any, they can be less thorough.
Also on that day, I pretended to be on my period. They were negligent because they didn’t want to examine someone who reeks of blood.
I thought inspections were tougher than that.
That’s what the guards say. If they make it sound strict, fewer people are tempted to try and smuggle something in.
But ultimately, most of them are just scum who take bribes from inmates but still like to torment them using their positions. There aren’t that many who want to enforce the rules.
Now that she mentions it, it does ring a bell.
The guards here have a strong negative attitude toward the inmates without necessarily being strict.
If anything, they come across as careless.
There are times when I receive unfair punishment based on false accusations, and sometimes I get away with things just by playing it by ear.
Looking back, when I first arrived, I was hammered with how strict it is, but once you get used to prison life, the sloppiness of the guards becomes obvious.
I guess establishing a hierarchy through fear from the beginning helps to prevent rebellious acts.
It makes sense that they treat their inspections no more seriously than all the rest of their work.
I honestly thought I would get caught. I planned to go and get them back from the storage room afterward, but it wasn’t necessary.
She stands up and starts stroking the floor while squatting.
Well, it always works to our advantage when they get sloppy.
She’s scratching the floor with her nails.
What is she doing?
Something pops up in my mind as I see her scratching.
Could that floor...?
Her nails catch on a seam on the floor.
Oh.
A thin tile comes off the floor.
Under the tile is a fist-sized hole.
And inside...
This is what I use to control the drone.
The drone’s controller.
The hole was already there when she arrived.
It was probably created by a former inmate to conceal items acquired through the ship.
She just repurposed it.
If I leave it here, they can’t find it during inspections.
To prevent theft, upon returning from the shipyard, we pass through a metal detector.
It would still be detected if it was hidden in her.
So, she avoids passing it through the detection gate altogether by hiding it inside the shipyard.
Can I ask where you hid it before you came here?
You can’t.
As for the drones, she flies them around the island and parks them away from prying eyes.
Looks like they can be remotely activated with the control stick, so there’s no need to keep them nearby.
What an elaborate plan. The more I hear about it, the bolder I think she is.
A necessary quality to escape.
Anyway, now I understand what she’s been up to.
There is something else I want to talk about.
About the ducts in the—
Shh!
She shushes me.
She quickly returns the control stick under the tile, closes it, and pulls out the memory card from the computer.
Phew...
The guard, yawning, arrives quickly after.
There were no signs that she was coming back.
Meaning that Kurebayashi knows her rhythms from observing her every day.
Are you done, 0720?
Yes. Inspection completed.
Hmm... I’ll check it later. What about you, 0721?
Everything is ready for tomorrow. No issues.
She takes out a piece of paper from her chest pocket and hands it to Dark Circle.
Hmm... Okay, no problems. Clean up in five minutes.
Okay.
Dark Circle heads towards the ship.
What was that paper for?
Protection money.
Thought so.
Looks like you’re finally catching on.
She uses the PC to hack around and arrange money transfers, then hands over the info needed to access the money on slips of paper like that.
I guess it’s less risky than loading a boat up with cash.
So...
The duct thing? It’s actually really simple, so I left it to the end.
Simple?
I want you to make a hole in the wall.
She’s right. That 
I just got a chisel off of today’s ship.
How lucky.
Right?
How do I get it past the metal detector?
There’s no easy trick for that.
......
Can you bribe them to overlook it?
Guards love self-preservation more than anything. If a tool that could become a weapon is found elsewhere, it would be the responsibility of the shipyard supervisor. They won’t let it slide.
How do you go through with the memory card?
It’s designed not to be detected. This PC is supposed to reject external storage, but it bypasses that as well.
Can you design the chisel not to be detected?
No.
......
......
(END)
We’re done with our work.
Everyone is lining up, waiting to go through the metal detector’s gate.
......
Kurebayashi goes through easily.
I go through the gate without stopping.
What the f—?!
Crappymori, who follows me, jumps like a flea as the alarm goes off.
STOP!
Everyone stops.
No one likes troublemakers here, this won’t go peacefully.
Go through again, Number 0858.
Me? I... didn’t do anything...
Just go.
Okay...
She goes through the gate again.
......
Nothing...
Phew... I’m innocent... I’ve always been innocent...
You’re not! Move. Number 0720, you’re next.
......
The detector goes off as if it barks at me.
Sigh... on the second day, huh? What a pain... Gotta do a body check. Hands up.
Yes.
I follow her instructions, and she starts patting me down.
Did you forget to hand it over?
Forget what?
Ah, sorry...
Kurebayashi reaches into my pocket.
Ah, I knew it!
She pulls out something from my pocket.
What’s this...?
It broke during maintenance.
It’s one of the tools we use in the shipyard, a screwdriver with a broken blade.
I told him to report it...
I’m sorry, I forgot.
You... forgot?
Forgot, huh? If it were that easy, we wouldn’t need prison guards. Bringing out tools is a serious offense, you know.
Indeed... I can’t just let it go.
B-But he got here because you recommended him... so shouldn’t you be held... responsible...?
What?
Eep...! But still... it’s the second day, isn’t it partly... on whoever brought him in here...?
Crappymori is accusing Kurebayashi while gauging the guard’s reactions.
What do you think, boss?
It’s fine... it’s not worth punishing him...
Huh? Ah... ah, that’s right! I thought so too...
Sorry for causing trouble.
Kurebayashi bows while handing over the screwdriver to the guard.
I’ll get it replaced.
She signals me to go on.
We leave shortly after we’re done, thanking her.
I take off my jacket in the inspection room.
I reach into the pocket on the opposite side.
I feel something hard.
That was a success.
Thanks to Crappymori!
Looks like she’s still holding a grudge against you for being sent to solitary.
Grudges are like guards; you can never have enough in your pockets.
Well said.
It’s past lights-out.
The day is about to end.
......
Surrounded by darkness, I kneel and press my ear against the wall.
I hear the sound of air passing through the cavity.
This is it, no doubt.
Just in case, I walk to the bars and check the outside of my cell.
No trace of the guards.
I slip my hand into the tear in my mattress and take out the chisel.
It is about the size of my palm with a flat, wide blade-like part.
Just like a broom.
I grip the handle, face the wall, and vigorously start rubbing the blade.
I repeat the movement, one, two, and three times.
After repeating it ten more times, I touch the tip.
A fine powder is sticking to my fingers.
It’s working.
I let out a smile.
It’s rather slow, but if I persevere I should be able to dig a hole in that wall.
I will reach the duct on the other side.
And that will be my secret escape weapon.
You did it, Shuichiro!
Yeah, but let’s be careful.
I lower my voice.
If they find the chisel during a surprise shakedown, I can say goodbye to my plan to escape.
What if they find the hole?
Amatsu’s right.
The farther I dig, the greater the risk.
It’s often the case. When you want to hit someone, you have to get close enough to be hit back.
Like how I have to expose a weak point to let anyone see you?
He laughs.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
But there’s something I don’t get.
Amatsu speaks as we try to figure out a way to hide the wall’s shavings.
Kurebayashi?
He twitches.
Nodding, like he wants to hear more.
It looks like she already has an escape plan.
Yes.
There is something bothering me.
Amatsu is probably thinking the same thing.
Why does she need me?
Judging by her actions, there’s no doubt that she is trying to execute a solo escape plan.
Bribing the guards, bringing in drones, searching for a route...
Everything indicates that she is well-prepared to handle it by herself.
She might have been looking for a room connected to the ducts.
But there was no guarantee that this room was connected to the ducts when we agreed to help each other out.
Our conversation about the duct in the evening...
You might not know it, but some filthy scumbags often try to peek into women’s rooms. It’s disgusting.
So it would make more sense for you to dig a hole in the wall. I would be taking unnecessary risks doing it.
Makes me think that her room might also be connected to the ducts.
She’s completely capable of digging that hole if she wants to.
That’s not the reason why she has to rely on me.
When she was pressing that screwdriver on my neck...
...I just offered my help to avoid a potentially fatal situation.
I said that as a last resort, but surprisingly, she agreed to it.
She looked kind of cornered back then.
If she suddenly needs help with a plan she meant to carry out alone, it has to be because something went wrong.
So what could have—
No, wait.
I’ve been thinking about this wrong.
She never planned to do anything alone.
It looks like she is doing everything by herself, but a lot of people have been involved all along.
Shuichiro! The guards!
I quickly shift my focus.
After hiding the chisel inside my mattress, I quickly go back to bed.
As Kurebayashi mentioned earlier, the guards are far from being serious about their job.
Even though night patrols are part of their job, most days no one bothers to come.
There are only two who come regularly.
Officer Yamagishi...
...and...
......
A faint light illuminates the cell for a few seconds.
Soon, the light turns to the right, moving along the footsteps.
I recall Kurebayashi saying...
...that she’ll escape with her sister.
That situation is still unclear to me.
She says that Sofurin’s help is out of the question.
But something about that still strikes me as odd...
......
I shake my head.
I don’t need to think about this.
Kurebayashi said she would be taking care of her.
There’s no need for me to focus on that.
Unnecessary thoughts create openings, which lead to unexpected mistakes.
I cannot afford to make any mistakes until the escape.
I have no time to waste on unanswered questions.
I need to think about what needs to be done.
For now...
My top priority is clear.
I must find a way to hide the hole in my wall.
(END)
Books! Books if you want to borrow any! Books! Books if you want to borrow any!
Slippy goes around with a cart filled with books.
Books! Books! Ah, Exhibitiman. Here is the book about ships you asked for! Crazy how your books always come in when I’m on duty.
That must be because I like shoes.
You do? For real?
I... love them.
I was completely taken aback when my shoes got stolen...
Hahaha, that might’ve been me.
Huh?
I’m just kidding!
Um... Also, this is from your supervisor.
She hands me a rolled-up poster tucked away in a pile of books.
Thanks, I’m curious about that too.
I pick up a thick hardcover book and flip through the pages.
Hmm... looks tough. I won’t take it.
I tuck my “thank-you” into the hardcover and return it to Slippy.
All right. Next time, let’s talk about shoes! Anyway... books! Anyone interested in borrowing books?
I quickly unfold the poster.
It’s a diagram of a ship being dismantled, accompanied by concise inspection procedures.
It’s the same as the one taped to the wall at the shipyard.
Could we have one of these posters delivered to his cell?
Asks Kurebayashi to the supervisor after work hours.
Looks like he was using different methods outside, and I’d like him to learn as fast as possible.
I want to learn as fast as I can to become a useful citizen!
We get permission.
Then she says...
Use that poster to hide the hole in your wall.
Yeah.
Once put up, the poster perfectly covers the hole.
With that, I can continue digging without having to worry about it showing.
The hole is safe as long as the poster doesn’t peel off.
I want to open that hole as soon as I can.
I’ll dig into the wall during nighttime.
Having a hole big enough to fit in is a huge step forward.
I’m getting closer to the outside every day!
That’s good.
I’ll do what I have to.
This is the inspection room. The Obscenity Ward is under this.
Kurebayashi opens a 3D map on the screen and explains what it shows.
The cells are on either side of that hallway. Is yours on the left or right side?
According to this, it would be on the... left.
What would be behind the wall?
If you head towards the sluice gate...
I point to the island’s overview, tracing the path with my finger as if moving straight ahead.
Like this.
It should be around there. Well, the duct doesn’t stretch all the way, but it doesn’t matter for now.
You’ll have to move around once you enter the duct. Make sure to memorize this data before then.
Got it.
After lights-out, I diligently go back to chiseling the wall.
The more time I spend on this, the closer I get to the duct.
The time-result ratio makes this task straightforward and satisfying.
If there is a path to freedom behind this wall, I can dig until sunrise.
I’m glad you’re focused. But are you getting enough sleep?
I was thinking the same thing.
A lack of sleep can dull the brain’s function.
And right now, any mistake can be fatal to the plan.
I’ll secure at least a little sleep every night and make up for it by napping during our days off.
Not a bad idea. Though it won’t change the fact that you’ll still be sleep deprived...
I need to find a way to save up some sleeping time...
...while still progressing on the wall.
(END)
You need to visualize the map everywhere you go...
...and understand how much distance you’re covering if you take ten steps forward. If you can grasp that, you’ll be able to locate yourself even in pitch darkness.
It’s like real training.
But trying it out is surprisingly fun.
I draw a map in my mind and place a single point on it.
Needless to say, the point is my location.
As I move, the point moves along with me on the map.
I will do this as often as I can.
If I manage to do it regularly, my accuracy will improve.
The map naturally comes to my mind now. It’s like I’m viewing myself from above.
Really? Which way is the mine?
That way.
Where is the north?
This way.
Hmm, well, you pass.
It’s like I’ve got a map app in my head.
That app is not going to pass store review.
We should call it... Mapprison.
Terrible name, zero creativity.
Huh?
I think that’s a really good name.
Which way is America?
I feel playful and want to test her for a change.
Over there.
She’s probably right.
Haha... you can’t beat me at this.
She lets out a triumphant, smug smile.
It’s been a week since I started digging the hole.
Now that the hole is big enough, I can also hide the tools behind the poster. That way, no need to worry about inspections.
On the other hand, I still haven’t come up with a solution for my lack of sleep.
I need to find something to avoid it hindering my daily tasks.
If I sleep any more, I’ll fall behind on the excavation.
I keep digging, racking my brains for a solution.
Zzz... Zzz...
Zz... Zzz...
Hmm!
I fell asleep.
That’s not good. It’s fine to do so in my cell, but if it happens during work hours, I’ll be in big trouble.
Maybe I should prioritize my sleep over the wall?
Huh?
Something’s different.
The wall is carved deeper than I remember.
I don’t remember digging this far.
Could it be...?
That’s amazing, Shuichiro! You were digging in your sleep!
Whoa...
Undoubtedly the result of my repeated efforts.
My body has memorized the movements and keeps digging while asleep.
That’s the best solution to keep progressing while getting enough sleep.
As I’m finally reaching a solution, I feel a sudden surge of excitement.
Let’s try it immediately. I close my eyes while moving my body. I feel a sudden discomfort in my hands.
Huh?
I don’t feel the wall.
My cell is plunged into darkness. I can’t see anything.
In that case, I can only rely on my sense of touch.
I put the tools down and run my fingers over the wall.
Following the rough and gritty texture, I sink my fingers into the deepest point I have carved.
Huh?
Suddenly, the abrasive sensation vanishes.
The wall I was just touching disappears.
No matter how tired I am, I instantly understand what it means.
I... got through.
After night after night of tireless chiseling, I finally opened a hole.
I did it!
The wall is thinner than I thought.
Now that I think about it, it makes sense.
Being able to hear the wind through the wall wouldn’t have been possible if the wall were thicker.
With a wall this thin, I should be able to make a hole big enough for someone to fit through in just a few weeks.
You worked really hard, Shuichiro. Well done!
It’s all thanks to your support!
Our escape plan is progressing smoothly without anyone noticing.
And...
(END)
Take this to your cell.
I should be able to finish the hole tonight.
As I report that to Kurebayashi, she takes out the device hidden under the tiles.
The control stick?
No, I want you to take its friend.
She presses the buttons on the control stick and taps on the PC’s keys.
A view of the prison appears on the screen.
The lighting and the angles are bad, but if I squint, I can make out a building that looks like the laundry room at the edge of the screen.
Is this a live feed from the coal tank by the mine?
Precisely.
As she tilts the stick, the image starts moving.
A drone?
Yes. It’s palm-sized and designed to perform well in low-light conditions. I happened to find it on a ship the other day, and it was already activated, so I hid it and gave it a try.
So it’s not the same as the one she uses for mapping out the area.
She probably prepared this one in advance too.
As always, she is well prepared.
The screen shows impressively fast movements.
A token of her piloting skills. Her nickname, Drone Girl, is really fitting.
Why do you fly it so low?
Well, it’s fun to fly high with these, but...
It makes you more likely to be spotted?
Exactly.
She avoids being seen by hovering just above the ground.
She stops and hides whenever someone comes around, then boldly dashes behind the guards.
She has no hesitation and reacts quickly.
The drone passes through the coal mine and heads towards the cells and the inspection room.
She skillfully maneuvers through the trackless paths, darting left and right through tall grass.
Ah!
It crashes into a hedge.
......
Well...
Despite hitting the controls frantically, the drone no longer responds.
She lowers her shoulders as if admitting defeat.
And silently puts the controller back under the floor.
......
As you saw, I hid the drone on the way back to the cells, so please pick it up and bring it in.
Was that on purpose...?
Entirely on purpose. Are you surprised?
I am really surprised.
That’s good. I’ve always wanted to startle you. Your expression is always so dull.
Glad to entertain you.
I have often been told about my lack of expression.
While I never intend to present myself that way...
...it seems like others perceive me as unfriendly and difficult to read.
Someone with an expressive face is undoubtedly more interesting than someone perpetually stoic.
It doesn’t bother me, and Amatsu says that my face is “expressive and easy to read.”
Which is enough for me.
You really did that... on purpose?
Absolutely. There’s no way I’d let my precious drone crash into such a stupid place.
Yeah...
No, seriously, it was intentional, okay?
Hmm...
What? I’m telling you it was on purpose...?!
She’s repeated “on purpose” four times now. At this point, I’m not sure if it’s the truth or a lie.
The workday is over, and everyone is lining up.
We’re surrounded by guards as usual.
I stop and raise my hand.
Excuse me. Bathroom, please.
You can go.
I step out of line and veer off the path.
My good behavior since I joined the shipyard reduces the guard’s suspicions towards me.
Entering the bathroom now!
I really go to the bathroom.
I don’t feel the gaze of the guards.
It’s indeed easier to get by in prison if you behave.
In the past, the guards would have followed me in the bathroom and even checked my toilet habits.
It’s strange. What I’m doing now is far worse than before.
I’m going out.
I go in the opposite direction of where I came from.
I can see the green hedges where the drone is hidden.
Boldness matters more than caution here.
My best option is to quickly retrieve it, return it to my cell, and act as if nothing happened.
I crouch near the hedge and reach out toward the spot where the drone landed.
Hey!
Why, of all times, does trouble have to find me now?
But there’s no need to panic. Just stay calm.
I turn around with an innocent face.
Yes?
Oh, it’s you, 0720...
She and I have a strange connection.
Looks like your behavior has improved quite a lot lately. I’ve heard you’ve been working hard at the workshop.
All thanks to your guidance, boss.
Shut up. Don’t get the wrong idea... Those are just rumors. I only trust my own eyes. I don’t rely on hearsay.
......
No matter how much you try to cover it up, you still have filthy sex offender blood running through your veins.
You people always hide dirty and obscene desires, don’t you?
Officer Yamagishi shouts and quickly comes closer.
It’s time to go back home. What the fuck are you doing here?
I just got out of the bathroom...
Did you get lost? Or is it one of your Respecta-something things again?!
She came prepared.
Seeing me at a loss for words, Officer Yamagishi grins.
There’s a hedge here...
Yes?
So you’re into edgy stuff, huh?
Huh?
Don’t play dumb! Seeing that hedge got you excited about all the filthy things you could do in there, didn’t it?! What was it this time?
My issue here is whether to admit or deny it.
Even if I deny it, I know she won’t believe me, but honestly, it’s not that big of a deal.
I have to get out of this situation.
What’s that in your hand, you sicko?
......
What are you hiding? Take it out!
It’s...
Did I ask you to speak? I said take it out! Are you so used to jacking off that you forgot how to open your hand?!
Anything further could be considered insubordination.
The difference between a guard and a prisoner is absolute.
I can’t keep my hand closed.
......
I stay silent and open my hand.
W-What the fuck is that?!
It’s a dick-shaped rock.
I can see that! Why are you carrying a dick-shaped rock around?!
I saw the dick-shaped rock near the hedge when I came out of the bathroom.
Why did you pick up the dick-shaped rock?
I thought that if one of the sex ward sickos found a dick-shaped rock, they would use it for kinky stuff.
I picked up the dick-shaped rock in order to report it before it caused an incident.
Why didn’t you
I thought you’d doubt me, and think that I was going to use the dick-shaped rock to do kinky stuff.
She stares at me for a good ten seconds.
Hand it over...
Huh?
Give me the dick-shaped rock! As you said, there’s a risk of it being used inappropriately... So I’ll dispose of it.
Ah, yes, please.
I hand her the dick-shaped rock.
She ponders over the rock for a moment.
Right... If you’re done, hurry back to your cell.
Yes, ma’am.
......
Once I’m certain she is gone, I quickly crouch near the hedge.
Found it!
The drone is small enough to fit in the palm of my hand.
I pick up the drone as if it’s just another rock and get back to my cell.
(END)
