Escaping is just a matter of time... or so I thought until a massive issue emerged.
I don’t have much to do until we find a route anyway. It’s not bad timing.
I don’t know whether Sofurin is being brainwashed or not. Honestly, I don’t care.
I just need to convince her to join us on the plan.
Never mention the escape. Wait until you change her mind to talk about it.
I know.
Sofurin’s opinion of me isn’t too bad.
I behaved when she was supervising me. I even helped her out.
We’ve had very little contact since then. But I’ve been playing the model prisoner all this time.
Her first impression of me wasn’t very good, but I think it plays in my favor now.
When a low-grade prisoner changes his ways and starts behaving, the positive impact can be greater than if he’d been serious from the start.
It’s similar to when a delinquent’s good deeds are overly praised.
It might sound irrational, but if I’m to take advantage of Sofurin, this particular perk can come in handy.
Now I must find a way to sweet-talk her...
......!
Speak of the devil...
It’s a sign.
......
I bow. I must show her that I’ve changed.
Oh... You two are on the same workstation.
Indeed! I got transferred to the shipyard as a reward for my good job at the mine! Thanks for your guidance!
Tch... You’re too loud... It hurts my head.
Big sorry, bro.
Huh? What was that?
Balancing acts can be extremely challenging at times.
........
At least act like a prisoner should and do your job.
She grumbles and quickly disappears.
I thought you said she trusts you...
I can’t have a proper conversation with her when Kurebayashi is around.
She has a unique way of expressing affection.
That’s true.
She’s totally serious...
That drone girl is smart and cautious, even bold sometimes. You have a lot to learn from her.
But she can be surprisingly off the mark when it comes to her sister.
Yeah, I figured.
And not just a bit off... It’s like saying you’re going in a girl’s pussy and ending up in her butt.
Isn’t that a common thing?
Would you ever mistake me for your asshole, Shuichiro?
Never.
Precisely. Mixing up a pussy and an asshole is something that should never happen.
Indeed! What a clever head you have.
You just need to use your head... That said, as you know, I don’t have any actual penetration experience...
At least there’s no worry about making a mistake when the day comes, right?
Well... I’m not so sure. Sorry, I’m starting to lose confidence. What if I do... mistake a butt for a pussy...?
We’ll figure something out together.
Hehe... yeah.
Even if we were to make a mistake, it would surely become a good memory.
What were we talking about, again?
Drone Girl.
Right.
She seems... lost in some kind of heroic fantasy.
Kurebayashi?
You always assumed Captain Shikolenko had a reason preventing her from quitting. Why was that, Shuichiro?
Because if she could quit, she wouldn’t need to escape.
Exactly. There’s no reason for prison guards to resort to escape.
The guards aren’t in the prison 24/7. Those who don’t live in the staff quarters commute to the island every day, and if they have days off, they can travel.
Sofurin is no exception.
She likely enjoys a break away from the island now and then.
Right. Kurebayashi should’ve been able to contact her without entering the prison.
That’s right. And Captain Shikolenko never had any special reason that prevented her from quitting her job.
Yet she came here, carrying such a huge risk, just to persuade her. What do you think of that?
It makes no sense.
I agree. Even if they were out of touch, reaching out to her sister directly should have come naturally.
And the reason she didn’t do that is the fantasy you just talked about?
That’s what I think. A devoted sister who goes so far as to demean herself to enter prison and rescue her sister...
She probably thought that Sofiya would be overflowing with gratitude.
She’s indulging in this delusion.
I don’t really get it.
I like the version of myself I see when I’m erect.
I get it. It’s impressive how tall you get.
It’s the same thing. The act of desperately doing everything for her sister, in itself, is irresistible to her.
That’s an odd metaphor, but...
Do you mean that this situation turns her on?
You can put it that way.
Earlier, you said her actions were too irrational. Where do you think this irrationality comes from, Shuichiro?
If I think about it...
A few answers come and disappear.
I don’t know.
Emotions.
Emotion?
When emotions are involved, people can’t think rationally.
I reflect on times when I sensed injustice or irrationality in what others said and did.
I can think of a few times...
I experience it too. When feelings run high, I suddenly get erect. There are even times when we can’t even jerk off because of that.
That happens, yeah.
It’s irrational, right? That’s emotion, right there. People and penises are the same in that aspect.
They sound similar, too...
I think about what he said for a moment.
If we apply this to Kurebayashi...
Her emotions for Sofurin have become so intense that she can’t think rationally?
Probably.
That makes sense.
Logic gets lost when emotions take the lead.
She’s sharp, but when it comes to her sister, she becomes surprisingly dense.
That’s why she needs me.
She can’t think of a good way to get Sofurin on board.
Emotions can lead both people and penises to behave irrationally.
What a hassle.
Oh, absolutely. But remember this, Shuichiro...
Just because something doesn’t seem right, doesn’t mean it’s wrong.
Perhaps it’s because of his continued abstinence, but Amatsu is quite philosophical tonight.
(END)
She often leaves the island to go shopping on her days off.
She replies instantly.
What does she buy?
Mostly groceries and books. She also buys medicine and beauty products regularly.
Can you tell exactly what she’s buying?
Only to a certain extent. There are things drones can do and things they can’t.
Looks like she used her drone to peek into her sister’s private life during the three years without contact.
Based on what I know, she usually opts for frozen and instant foods. As for books, around eighty percent are hardcovers; she doesn’t buy many paperbacks.
Can’t she cook?
She can. She occasionally buys fish and vegetables. The whitebait bowl she used to make when I was young was delicious.
Whitebait?
It has chopped green onions, egg yolk, sesame seeds, shredded seaweed, and grated ginger on top. When you pour vinegar and soy sauce over it, it tastes divine.
I really... want to try that.
I used to dislike fish when I was little, but I loved my sister’s whitebait bowl.
Does she enjoy cooking?
She probably enjoys cooking for me, but other than that, I don’t think she’s that into it. That’s why she stocks up on frozen and instant foods.
I see.
I’m not sure about the part where Sofurin enjoys cooking for her, but the rest makes sense.
Besides, she doesn’t have much time to cook because of her job.
Anyway, I don’t think I’ll be able to approach her with cooking tips.
My role is to persuade Sofurin and bring her over to our side.
In other words, I need to spark the will to escape in her.
If I want to strike up a conversation with her and gain her trust, I must gather all the information I can get.
You said she’s buying medicine too?
Probably over-the-counter drugs. Judging by the frequency, mostly painkillers.
How do you know?
Oh, still a virgin?
I won’t be forever.
Women experience a phenomenon called menstruation. Generally, it happens a few days every month.
I’ve heard legends about it.
It’s different for everyone, but some people experience quite severe pain. It seems like my sister is on the heavier side.
Hence the painkillers.
When fatigue and stress accumulate, the symptoms worsen.
Exactly Sofurin’s situation.
This information might be useful. I’ll remember it.
What does she do besides shopping?
She takes pictures and posts them on social media.
What kind of pictures?
Sky, cats, sweets, cappuccino. That kind of stuff.
Why bother posting that stuff on the internet?
You wouldn’t understand, huh?
What?
She does things that are beyond what most people can grasp... That mysteriousness is one of my sister’s countless charms.
Mysterious” wouldn’t be my first choice of word for her.
Chatting with her offers a glimpse into Sofurin’s past and daily routine, but vital details tend to get muddled by her bias.
She’s a little... Kurebias-y.
So, she likes taking pictures.
I got that much.
What else?
Nothing special. Watching movies, dining out.
With whom?
Mostly alone. Though deep down, she probably wants to go with me.
Isn’t that Kurebias?
What? It’s not Kurebias at all!
How can she be so clueless about her sister’s feelings, but understand made-up concepts instantly...?
Does she always go by herself?
Yeah...
What was that?
I was just trying to slow down the conversation.
You’ve never done that before.
Well, I’m doing it now.
Does she always go by herself?
No... Well... Yeah, basically. Always... Yes... Alone...
To think she could be such a bad liar...
With whom?
She looks away as I ask confidently.
She looks down.
Plays with her finger.
Cracks her finger.
Stretches her neck.
After hesitating to talk, she finally speaks up.
With the correctional physician...
Doctor Higuchi?
She neither nods nor shakes her head.
I guess she doesn’t want to admit it.
(END)
I collected useful information—cards to play.
Now it’s all about how to play them.
I simply need to bring Sofurin to the conclusion that she has to quit.
Finding an escape route is just a matter of time. I have to move quickly.
It’s almost bath time.
She’s usually around here at this hour.
Oh, dear Sofurin, is that you?
Reacting to the name “Sofurin,” I immediately turn around.
Calling her that behind her back is one thing, but doing it in front of her... She’s gonna get punished.
What’s with the gloomy face again? Did something bad happen?
The one calling her isn’t a prisoner but a guard. More precisely, the head of the Sex Crimes Ward, Julia Agatsuma.
That’s just... how my face is.
Well, my apologies.
But... I feel like you were smiling a lot more when you first came here, dear Sofurin.
If a captain lets her guard down and lets a smile out... the prisoners will just look down on her. She won’t set a good example for the other guards either.
I see! An interesting perspective. So a captain shouldn’t smile... I’ll remember that. Hehe...
How admirable you are, dear Sofurin! You know, I heard about what happened in the Obscenity Ward the other night.
Just like Kurebayashi said, Captain Agatsuma is also making fun of Sofurin.
Heheheh. You know, it’s the strangest thing. I smile all the time, but these problems almost never happen in the Sex Crimes Ward.
......
See, dear Sofurin, a smile is a symbol of happiness. People who smile are happy, and those who don’t are sad. It applies to both guards and inmates... Everyone, really.
Your lack of a smile brings down the mood of those around you, leaving them feeling dissatisfied. Mightn’t that dissatisfaction contribute to the Obscenity Ward’s problems?
Thank you for your valuable opinion... I’ll consider it.
Hehehe. That’s the thirteenth time I’ve told you the same thing, now. I can only pray that you manage to remember it this time.
Oh, by the way, make sure to compile the applications for the exhibition by next week.
Huh...?! No, that’s supposed to be your—
The lost sheep keep increasing... I want to provide as many counseling opportunities as possible for the sake of their smiles.
So, as fellow captains, let’s do our best to help each other out. Okay, dear Sofurin? Hehehe...
Sister Julia walks away with a smile that’s difficult to interpret.
I can’t tell if it’s sincere or just sarcastic.
If I don’t pay attention, I’ll miss her true intentions.
Now I understand why Mr. Kugitani says that she’s someone to watch for.
Caught between Yugao and Sister Julia, Sofurin must be under a lot of stress.
I wish that would be enough for her to quit, but unfortunately, things are never that convenient.
Captain Shikolenko!
Hmm... Oh, it’s you. What’s up? It’s almost bath time.
Is there anything I can help you with? You seem troubled.
What are you scheming now...?
I’m not scheming anything.
I was heading towards the shower...
But somehow, I felt like I should stop.
......
Like something was pulling me this way by my hair.
You don’t have hair.
Now that you mention it...
Heh...
It might be a wry one, but Sofurin still cracks a smile.
I always thought you were completely out of touch. I never expected you to say something like this.
I’m making a good impression. She takes the bait.
This method seems effective.
Looking back... I didn’t know much about anything before I came here.
Probably...
So, I’m grateful to you. You’ve dealt with me so patiently.
It’s because your behavior was just too bad. Seriously.
Anyway, if you’ve changed your attitude, that’s fine. Thanks for saying that. I don’t need any help. Go take a bath already.
She immediately turns her back on me, cutting the conversation short.
Ah...
She stops as if she has something left to say.
She glares at me with her dark, baggy eyes.
I hesitate for a moment.
It creates a serious atmosphere; I’m about to share something important.
I’m... worried about you.
What?
I think I’ve caused you considerable trouble until now.
Well... I won’t deny that, but... that’s part of my job.
Even if she wants to spend more time with the prisoners...
Is it part of your job as a deputy warden to mop up the other two’s least favorite tasks?
Well... Hey, watch your mouth.
Let me say it. I don’t mind if it leads to punishment. They owe you.
Or... do you consider constantly being made fun to |also| be a regular part of your job?
Sofurin is struggling to answer.
She’s naturally kind-hearted, but she doesn’t assert herself when it comes to standing up for her own interests.
She’s not suited to be a guard.
You don’t have to be Kurebayashi to see that.
It looks like... you’re suffering more than the convicts.
You’re exaggerating...
The bags under your eyes are proof of that. Even the sex offenders serving their sentences are getting better sleep than you.
You never committed a crime, and yet you can’t even get that.
......
I see what you mean... But what are you trying to achieve by telling me this?
I’m sorry. I don’t know that either.
You...!
But if you let them talk to you like that... the bags under your eyes will only get deeper...
I pause briefly.
I can’t stand it.
I’m not good at acting.
Still, there’s some truth in what I’m saying.
I can’t tell what he’s thinking...
There’s no feeling in his words...
That’s what most people think about me.
No need to put any emotions in my act if I don’t usually show any.
And sure enough, Sofurin doesn’t seem to doubt my genuineness for a moment.
It’s a positive change for you to start having compassion for others.
But... at the same time, you need to learn. In this world, some injustices can’t be dealt with.
Those injustices being... the other captains?
No response or reaction.
I guess she can’t explicitly say so, given her position.
But nothing will change if we leave it like this.
That’s fine. You might not understand it, but...
I don’t understand. If we just leave it alone, it’ll only get worse.
Captain, I’m already a prisoner... Why don’t I personally show you what will happen if the situation doesn’t change?
Stop it!
Her tone changes.
Why...? Why do you guys always let fleeting emotions spur you into doing things you can’t take back...?!
Those eyes aren’t aiming to teach or guide; they’re murky and assertive.
Captain?! Hey, you! What the fuck are you doing...?
It’s fine, Takanashi. No problem.
She stops the guard from coming closer and sends her away.
A heavy silence falls on us.
A group of prisoners and the guard leading them pass behind us towards the baths.
Despite their obvious curiosity, they walk by without stopping or craning their necks.
This is too dangerous. I might set her off.
It’s not just a fleeting emotion.
Acknowledging the danger, I press on regardless.
If I pull out now, all my efforts will go to waste.
I must impregnate her with the desire to quit her job.
Without the resolve to put myself on the line, I can’t expect to make her consider taking that step.
If they keep being this arrogant, soon, your body won’t be able to take it anymore.
Worst case scenario, you’ll die from overwork.
You’re exaggerating...
I’m not exaggerating.
We speak up at the same time, leaving no room for a comeback.
Since I came here, I’ve never seen you without those bags under your eyes. That’s not normal.
Even if... it’s not like... that’s the only thing...
Will you be killed if you resist them? I don’t think so.
Even if that’s true...
I want you to live!
Huh...?
It works. That’s her biggest reaction yet.
I can’t miss this opportunity.
If you can’t go against them... there are other ways.
I... just...
I... want you to protect yourself.
But... I...
Her eyes turn hollow.
She’s not herself.
Just as I thought, she’s been terribly unstable since I came back from solitary.
I’m going to shake her to the core with my words—and open a crack in her defenses.
You shouldn’t keep anything that causes you distress near you.
Something that causes me distress...
She repeats my words like a baby.
You should distance yourself from all this pressure.
I can’t tell her to quit being a guard explicitly.
At this stage, my goal is to provide Sofurin with the option to quit.
Even if I offer this choice, she won’t accept it outright.
I just need to plant that seed in her mind.
Something that causes me distress...
She’s repeating herself.
Noah...
It’s over.
I failed.
Why does her name have to come up now?
Is |that| really where these thoughts take her?
Now that that name is out, no amount of persuasion will work.
She’s seeing right through me.
I must find something...
Oh, that’s right... you work with |that| little monster.
I can’t let this opportunity go to waste.
What little monster?
Number 0721... The one called Drone Girl...
Her hollow eyes, slowly, regain a murky spark.
Did |she| tell you something? Wait... she did, didn’t she. I |know| you heard something.
Should I honestly confess or keep silent and cover it up?
No need to dwell on this.
I know about your connection.
At this point, pretending not to know would be meaningless.
It’s no secret that Kurebayashi and I have been spending a lot of time together lately.
And just like Kurebayashi, I’m hinting for her to quit her job.
She wouldn’t believe me if I denied it now.
Tch... she...
I’m the only one who knows.
Do you think I’m gonna believe you?
You just came to persuade me because that little monster asked you to! All of this was just an act...
It’s true that she asked me to talk to you.
But everything I said was true.
She doesn’t respond.
Why are you listening to |her|?
Because we feel the same way. I can’t stand seeing you like this.
Tch...
I know what |she’s| like. She’s probably dangling some tempting bait to get you on her side, right?
She’s not.
She is. Truly, they’re sisters.
She’s full of shit... Stop listening to that creature right now! If you don’t want your sentence to be extended, that is.
Move.
She leaves, pushing me out of the way.
She didn’t punish me. But she clearly doesn’t want to talk about Kurebayashi anymore.
......
The future challenge has increased, but for now, I’ve avoided a crisis.
She doesn’t use her sister’s name. She only called her “Noah” once...
I knew she hated her, but this is worse than I expected.
Forget about persuasion. If someone you hate tells you to do something, you’ll never listen. That’s human nature.
First, Kurebayashi’s ultimate goal is to escape and live with her sister.
But looking at the current situation, it seems impossible.
Even if Sofurin were to quit the prison, there’s no way she would agree to Kurebayashi’s plan.
And as long as she’s not on board, Kurebayashi will never attempt an escape.
That’s a game over.
If I don’t fix their relationship, I can’t escape.
(END)
Health check day.
What’s bothering you?
Relationships...
Oh... It’s touching to hear that you have relationship problems.
Can you tell me about it?
I can’t tell you all the details.
That’s fine. Just tell me what you can.
All right.
The relationship between Kurebayashi and Sofurin is strictly confidential.
I must be careful, even with Dr. Higuchi, or I’m going to lose Kurebayashi’s trust.
I want to patch things up with my sister.
I’ll tell the story as if it’s my own.
Did something happen with her?
We had a fight.
Haha! I see, a fight. That happens.
I can’t talk to her properly anymore.
I see... that must be tough. You and your sister seemed... close.
Recently, even if I try to talk to her, she responds harshly.
Recently?
I finally had a chance to talk to my sister after entering the facility.
You couldn’t talk before coming here?
We had no contact for about three years.
Oh, really?
We finally reunited once I came here.
Wait a second...
I’ll wait.
Thanks. You know... as a doctor, I don’t think it’s good to interrupt someone while they’re talking but...
Your sister is... outside, right? I heard she’s called a few times. What do you mean by ‘reunited once I came here?’
......
That’s my other sister.
Now I have two sisters.
Oh... I see. I didn’t know you had two sisters.
The oldest one is in prison.
I see, I see... Wow, that surprised me! So, your older sister is in prison. Got it, got it.
Sorry, please continue.
I’ll continue.
Let’s hear it.
I was so happy to meet her again, but when I greeted her, she treated me coldly.
The other day, she even went so far as to say, ‘I don’t want to be with you.’
Oh dear... that’s tough. Why would she say such a thing?
She’s been brainwashed.
Brainwashed?
Otherwise, there’s no way my kind sister would say such terrible things to me.
Basically, I love her dearly, and she loves me dearly too.
So that’s why you think she’s been brainwashed.
Yes. However, it’s probably not the case.
What do you mean?
I always thought that she liked me, but in reality, she might not like me at all.
Oh...?
Even to an outsider, it’s clear that my sister hates me.
Yeah... I see...
But... you said she loves you dearly, right?
Well, we’re siblings; it goes without saying that we have strong mutual affection.
But it looks like I was delusional.
Yeah... I see, I see.
I am unaware of my delusion.
Sorry, I’m going crazy...
Should I examine you?
Nah, I’m fine. Give me five seconds.
Five seconds later...
It’s not you, right, Shuichiro?
It’s me, Shuichiro.
Yeah, I know. But this story, it’s not about you, is it?
It’s... not.
Dr. Higuchi is both shocked and exasperated.
Is it about Noah Kurebayashi?
Yes.
And that sister you talked about, is Sonya?
Precisely.
She nailed it.
Can you read minds or something?
What, me? No, you know, it’s...
Deliberating whether or not to joke that you wouldn’t be single if you could?
You really know what buttons to press, kid!
Sorry.
It has nothing to do with telepathy. It’s that thing you love doing so much.
The thing I love?
Logical thinking?
Spot on! I heard you were becoming close to Miss Noah.
Did Sofurin tell you they were sisters?
She didn’t... but she told me about her sister. The name ‘Noah’ came up a few times.
And she deduced that thanks to her logic.
Anyway, Dr. Higuchi already understands the relationship between Kurebayashi and Sofurin.
That means I can speak frankly now.
I’m thankful she understood quickly. Continuing to tell that story from my perspective was overcomplicating things.
And I’m not the one who spilled the secret, so Kurebayashi can’t be mad at me for it.
In other words, Noah couldn’t contact Sonya for a long time, and they reunited in prison. Noah was delighted about it, but Sonya was cold to her...
If you ask Noah, it’s because she got brainwashed. Because in reality, she adores her... or something like that?
Exactly.
Dr. Higuchi has an outstanding understanding after dealing with all those prisoners.
So, because Sonya is cold, Noah wants to reconcile.
And she asked if I could ‘ask her.’
She trusts you on this?
I owe her.
Haha, I’m not surprised about that.
What do you think we should do?
Hmm... That sounds hard to do. She wants to reconcile...
She looks away, lost in thought.
Something catches my eye.
I’d really like to help you out with this.
What’s that picture?
As you can see, it’s a picture of me and Sonya.
......
Huh?
I squint and stare at the picture.
I can see Dr. Higuchi clearly. She hasn’t changed.
I can’t say the same thing for the one next to her.
That’s... the captain?
She certainly has the same facial features...
There’s no doubt, it’s her. I’ve seen her with that kind of expression before.
Even if I know that, there’s something off about this picture.
It’s hard to pinpoint it... like a weird aura...
She looks weak.
Hahaha! Weak? Did you say weak? You know that’s |Captain| Sofiya, right?
Yeah... she still looks weak.
Haha... well, it’s true she doesn’t have the same vigor. She wasn’t a captain yet.
Is this an old picture?
That’s when she became a guard, so... two years ago?!
Looking back at the picture, she does look a bit younger. Almost childlike.
She has no bags under her eyes, but I don’t think that’s it.
Two years working in prison changed her overall expression, drastically.
I was still in my twenties when I took this... or was I? I don’t remember.
You were in your twenties.
How can you tell?
She chuckles in amusement.
You two were already close back then, huh?
It started with this, actually. We took this when we first met.
You look really comfortable with each other.
Yeah, that’s right. She came to greet me, all timid and still fresh in her uniform like a shiny first-year student, you know?
I try to imagine it, unsuccessfully.
I thought she seemed earnest. When I talked to her, she told me, ‘I want to contribute to the rehabilitation of inmates in society.’ She turned out to be just as sincere as you can imagine.
So, I said, ‘Let’s take a picture to make sure you don’t forget that determination!’ and took this picture.
I see.
I wanted to keep a record. To remember... because she felt kind of precarious.
The captain?
In prison, the more serious a person is... it’s not a nice way to put it, but the more fragile they are.
Is it because she has to deal with criminals every day?
There are multiple reasons...
But I’ve been working here for a while too. I can tell who’s a bit on the edge.
Being a prison guard, it’s not a job where you get rewarded if you work seriously. In fact, being too serious can backfire sometimes.
In situations like that, it’s good if you can run away or protect yourself. But people with a strong sense of responsibility tend to think they should confront things head-on.
She’s responsible, so she gets work pushed onto her. And her sense of responsibility prevents her from stepping away from it all.
That’s a spot-on description of her.
But the way Dr. Higuchi speaks... it’s as if...
Sounds like you’re suggesting that she should quit.
Yeah, she should.
Or at least that’s what I think. But it’s not that simple.
Even if she quits, they’ll just put someone else in the same position. It’s a vicious circle.
But she would be free.
That’s one way to look at it. But that would mean pushing troubles onto her juniors and colleagues and running away. She can’t do that.
She has backbiting seniors, but some colleagues admire her too.
She’s held by the balls in that sick carrot and stick game.
You really care about the captain, right?
Because we’re friends.
That’s very simple and straightforward.
She’s narrowed her perspective somehow. It looks as if she’s doing it to herself.
Why is she doing that?
Because there are a lot of problems that are easier to ignore. Especially as a prison guard. I, personally, don’t think there’s a need to deliberately face difficult things.
But in Sonya’s case... it seems like she’s stuck that way. Like she’s pushing herself into a corner.
If she had a hobby, things could be different... but it’s not easy to find one, you know?
I heard she takes photos.
Well, that’s another thing. I told her she should find a hobby, but she’s still just copying other people...
I heard you go out for meals and movies together.
If I invite her, we go out, and she looks like she has fun. Depending on the movie, she even cries sometimes, but in the end, it doesn’t last.
By the way, you seem to know quite a bit... Did she...? No, she’s not the one who told you this, is she?
Kurebayashi told me. Apparently she was stalking her with her drone before she came in.
Wow, that sounds extreme. No wonder you guys get along.
Are you saying we’re extreme buddies?
You’re ‘The Extremes.’
Sounds like a superhero group...
I feel the age difference here, but I better keep my mouth shut about that.
But... I see. Perhaps...
Is that why she doesn’t come for check-ups?
Kurebayashi told me she never came for check-ups.
And she seems to dislike Dr. Higuchi.
That picture could very well be the reason why.
That’s just my opinion, but... she thinks she can change Sonya’s mind, doesn’t she?
I think so too.
I don’t know much about Noah, and I don’t know how it could turn out, but...
I think it would be good for Sonya to have a chance to properly talk to her at least once.
I think so too.
Right, right! But... even if I invite Noah, she probably won’t come that easily.
I’ll talk to her.
Really? That would be great!
Our plan to escape won’t progress if things stay like that between them.
There’s already a big hole in my cell.
I need to get out before someone finds out about it.
It would be great if Dr. Higuchi could act as a mediator between these two.
May I ask about something...?
Of course.
Why do you have that picture here?
Oh, this?
It’s... unusual to have a picture with a friend displayed like that.
It would make sense if they were far apart, but they see each other almost every day.
Besides, she doesn’t have any other pictures like this.
She’s... more than a regular friend.
That sounds very ambiguous.
Looking at the picture, I can see that Dr. Higuchi is holding Sofurin tightly by the shoulder.
They seem unusually close for a first-time meeting.
It looks like a picture taken before or after some kind of “exercise.”
Or rather, that picture would make a lot more sense if they did.
No doubt.
It must be after a hip thrust session.
I’m just kidding! It’s a joke.
Ah.
I was expecting a better reaction. Don’t leave me hanging like that!
She nods as if to say that’s expected of me.
What’s the real reason?
I wanted to show you that picture.
Me?
Without answering, she smiles, gently.
All right, where’s the candy?
I made the right decision again.
Dr. Higuchi’s candy is sweeter than Kurebayashi’s.
Dr. Higuchi said she would help.
If we can pull this off, we could restore dialogue between Sofurin and Kurebayashi.
Clearly, their emotions are at odds, but the problem is that they haven’t had a proper conversation about it.
Kurebayashi is blinded by her emotions, and Sofurin refuses to face her.
They won’t see eye to eye unless they try to communicate.
I’m not entirely optimistic about the outcome, and depending on the situation, things could potentially become worse.
But I also believe that dealing with the fallout will still be better than their not talking at all.
Finishing something halfway complete can be more challenging than starting from scratch, sometimes.
If we don’t break through the deadlock, their relationship won’t change.
We need them to face each other.
(END)
I ain’t doing it.
Ah.
I’d rather eat these rotten beans than rely on that woman.
You want to eat some?
Nope, and I’m not doing it either.
As expected, she completely rejects Dr. Higuchi’s suggestion.
Why do you hate her so much?
It’s creepy. A woman her age, flattering sex criminals with her ‘I’m not |like| the other prison guards’ routine.
Are you jealous because she’s friends with Captain Shikolenko?
Hah, you really think I’d waste my time on such petty feelings? Envy and jealousy are the height of irrationality.
I saw a picture of them together at my last checkup.
Ugh... W-What?
They were holding each other.
Holding...?
They looked pretty... into each other.
Vaginally?!
Looks like she caught whatever Officer Yamagishi has.
I feel a lewd aura around here.
Miss Lewd Detector is on the loose.
Crappucino is sitting near us. I signal her to do something about this.
M-Mountain mama... Take me home...?
Oh, I see... Virginia, not vagina...
That worked?
Yep, she’s a pro.
So, about that picture...
Kurebayashi looks unsettled, conspicuously mindful of her surroundings.
Did the doctor’s hand... around my sis... Captain Shikolenko... touch... you know... her chest?
Not in the picture that I saw... but maybe.
Ugh...
That’s a new reaction.
Are you jealous?
I’m not. Besides, I’m the one she likes the most.
She’s stubborn.
It looks to me like you guys don’t get along.
We’re sisters, though...?
That relationship is not... bulletproof.
Are you saying that we don’t get along?
You did say that you wrote a letter to your sister with the word ‘Sis’ from margin to margin, right?
I did.
I tried sending something similar to my sister.
And?
What happened, Shu?! Are you alive?! Do you still have your limbs?! Can you see?! Can you hear?! Boohoohoo.
That’s what she said.
You didn’t pour enough love in it. That’s why it didn’t get through.
Yours is... not getting through either.
My letters just got censored.
Dr. Higuchi confirmed that the letters for the guards aren’t checked.
Why do you side with her so much?
I get that it annoys her, since she doesn’t like Dr. Higuchi.
If their relationship gets any more complicated, it will become impossible to handle.
It’s best to say something vague.
I can’t... side with her?
Nope, I recommend you die instead.
Did I do something to deserve that?
I managed to switch her focus, but I took significant damage.
As I’ve said many times, my sister is just brainwashed. That’s why she rejects me.
Was there ever a time when you two got along well?
Huh? We always got along...
......
Can you give me a concrete example?
I haven’t heard anything that would indicate they once had a good relationship, except for her making whitebait bowls.
She exhales quietly.
She made me a bunch of clothes.
Clothes?
You see, both of us had sensitive skin, so she was careful about what we wore. There were things I couldn’t wear.
So she said, ‘I’ll make something for you.’ And she studied how to make clothes and made some for me.
With her outstanding taste, she created one-of-a-kind outfits that perfectly suited me. Sofiya Shikolenko’s very own fashion line.
Now that she mentions it, Sofurin was able to fix my uniform pretty quickly when it tore apart in the storeroom.
Does she like fashion?
Almost as much as she likes me.
Not that much, noted.
Do you have poop in your ears or what?
I don’t.
My sister adores me, so when I say ‘almost as much,’ it means she really loves it.
......
Why do you suddenly become an idiot when it comes to my sister?
I’m only human.
That’s too vague.
There are things in the world that can only be explained by “I’m only human.”
That aside, based on what she said, there was a time when they were close.
They stopped talking a year before Sofurin became a guard, about three years ago.
You said she started living by herself pretty young, right?
Yeah, she got admitted to the Shichigahama Affiliated High School and started living in the dorms there.
Shichigahama?
Shichigahama Music School. It’s a prestigious school. They say it’s the Julliard of the east.
I don’t know it.
A music school is... a singing school...
Can you refrain from saying stupid things with that determined look? I might end up looking stupid too.
You also... say stupid things with a determined look.
Never.
......
In short, it’s a specialized school for opera. They sing, act, and do everything themselves, from making costumes to doing makeup. From middle school through high school.
Do you think she went there to learn how to make clothes?
She also learned how to act to go on stage.
She did?
Yeah, you probably witnessed it too.
Something instantly comes to my mind.
Voice acting.
She nods with satisfaction.
That’s why she was so good at it.
She’s not just good. Her acting is breathtaking!
Have you seen her perform?
I watched her rehearse up close. I was in the same school.
Really?
Yeah. Even though we were in different grades, as long as the skills were there, age didn’t matter. I could practice with my sister, regardless of the age difference.
But... she was strict about acting. She didn’t teach any tricks to her beloved little sister.
The reasons for that might depend on what Sofurin thought of Noah at the time.
Were you good at it?
Not as good as my sister, but decent. I picked up what I could from her acting and got roles like... what was it...? Well, some role.
So, you went up on stage too?
No, I dropped out of school.
Why?
She stepped down from her role. I don’t know the details. She didn’t talk much about acting even to me.
Maybe she didn’t like how everyone else was so much worse at it. She quit Shichigahama before me and transferred to another school.
Why did you drop out?
Because it made no sense for me to stay if she wasn’t there. I wanted to wear costumes made by my sister. And stand with her on stage.
There was no point in me staying if I couldn’t do that.
She has a major sister complex. She’s looking for her approval in every domain.
Kurebayashi completely misunderstands her sister, but there’s no doubt that her feelings for her are genuine.
Being rejected by your sister... must be tough.
......
Without answering, she simply looks lonely.
I’ll do everything I can to help. But I’m limited in what I can do.
Isn’t there any other way?
For example, seeking help from Dr. Higuchi.
No matter how you look at it, that’s our best option right now.
No... there’s no other choice.
She probably doesn’t want to admit it, but I’m sure she’s thinking about Dr. Higuchi.
Well, that’s good enough for now.
(END)
