Time never stops for anyone, not even for poor souls lost in despair.
No matter how much you dislike it, morning always comes.
And locking yourself in your room out of sadness is not a privilege allowed to us prisoners.
All the convicts gather in the cafeteria.
Is Kurebayashi going to come?
Won’t she end up in solitary if she stays in her cell?
Given her state yesterday, I wouldn’t be surprised if she does.
Hi.
Kurebayashi!
Good morning.
She shows up and sits across from me as usual.
Beans yesterday, beans today, beans all year round... The prison is undoubtedly in cahoots with the natto industry.
They’re stuck together, thick as beans!
Boring.
Her mood remains unchanged.
Eerily so.
Eat!
Here.
She hands me her beans under the table.
She’s back to normal.
I guess her despair got washed away by the flood of tears she cried.
As expected, she’s too rational to brood all day long.
So, about my sister, any progress?
......
Huh?
Why are you making such a stupid face? I asked you to do something about it, right? Any progress?
......
Haa... Well, I guess, if things were progressing smoothly, we wouldn’t be in this situation.
I shovel down beans and rice while staring at her.
Both my mouth and my mind are confused about what is happening.
I had the worst nightmare yesterday.
That happened for real.
I instantly get what’s going on.
She looks at me coldly.
What the fuck are you saying...?
You seem to think that what happened yesterday was a dream.
Did you read a weird book or something?
It’s going to turn into a useless tug-of-war.
Let me hear about that dream, then.
Don’t interrupt me with your inanity again.
Well, that would never happen in reality. My sister rejected me. She even insulted me.
That’s reality.
What are you talking about?
You stole her role.
Huh?!
She said your talent made her miserable.
I...
It’s real. All of it.
......
Must have been a mass hallucination...
At this point, I find it reassuring that she doesn’t admit it. That’s typical Kurebayashi.
Glancing around, I notice a guy enjoying his breakfast like it’s the best dish in the world.
Hey! You’re really enjoying it today, what’s up?
Ist’sh it obmioum? It’sh hat huming imement cyin gh hom las hight... he hood ih ancrehihle, oftr heming a jasse os fure heshair!
I see.
What did he say?
No idea.
Isn’t it obvious? It’s that fucking indecent crying girl from last night... The food is incredible after getting a taste of pure despair!
Right. You were crying your heart out in shock yesterday.
......
She raises her eyebrows in a triangle.
That dream...
Her eyes flicker.
That wasn’t... a dream? It was reality...?
It’s reality.
The empty bowl makes a dry sound as it falls.
But not even facing a painful reality can change the routine of the prison.
(END)
We head to the workshop after breakfast.
Yes... yes... no issues anywhere... it’s break time.
Uh... hum... Weren’t we supposed to do two ships before taking a break today?
Oh... right... sorry...
Eep... S-Sorry for answering back! Please forgive meee!
This is the kind of mistake she’d never make if she were her usual self.
And it doesn’t end there.
Starting with wrong instructions...
Then, a series of overlooked checks.
And communication errors, adding the finishing blow.
Ugh!
She bumps her head on the “Mind your head” sign.
The fuck... Hey, Drone Girl, are you okay?
Sorry...
No, that doesn’t cut it.
Even the other inmates have noticed that she’s not herself.
It’s... that day of the month.
I intervene and explain to BO Snake briefly.
He doesn’t seem pleased by that explanation, and glares at both of us.
Fuck...
What?
Fucking weird! If that’s the case, she should’ve just said so. We’re on your side here.
I think she felt embarrassed.
Hah, us sickos gotta stick together. There’s nothing to be ashamed of.
He trusts me, no further questions asked.
Aside from our escape plan, we both work very hard at the workshop.
We built a trusting relationship with the others. One that’s strong enough that they wouldn’t suspect her of faking illness.
But he’s right, this prison is indeed filled with elite sickos.
But for me not to notice... Drone Girl, you must have a weak period smell. Poor thing.
I’m sorry...
You don’t need to apologize.
I’m sorry.
She’s totally brooding.
During the break, Kurebayashi sits in front of the computer as usual.
There’s no need to use the drone anymore. We already have a way out.
For now, it’s best to do as the guards say.
If her current condition doesn’t improve soon, it will become a problem.
For now, the trust we’ve built up so far is smoothing over the issue, but honestly, it’s only a matter of time until it doesn’t work anymore.
My goal was for Sofurin and Kurebayashi to work things out, but it backfired.
No, it’s too early to judge.
The final goal is to escape. I must stay on track.
If the plan can still be executed, other issues are secondary.
Kurebayashi.
That’s why I need to check.
It’s unfortunate, but the captain hates you.
Ugh... snff...
What do we do about the plan?
Uh... Is there some kind of problem...?
......
No problem. Everything is fine.
Looks like she’s not considering changing her plan.
Of course. She only came here to break Sofurin out.
But Sofurin has no intention of quitting, and she hates Kurebayashi.
I see two possible ways forward.
The first one is to continue as usual, bringing in Sofurin and then breaking outside these walls.
The second one is to make Kurebayashi give up on Sofurin.
Objectively, the latter seems more realistic, no matter how you think about it.
Kurebayashi is really stubborn, but she’s experiencing a pretty significant change.
Not necessarily a good one.
Still, I could take advantage of her current state to persuade her.
If I put the escape before everything else, that’s my best option right now.
Sis...
For some reason, I can’t bring myself to choose that method.
Why is that? Am I overlooking something?
Trying to persuade her might not be the best solution I can come up with.
I sense something... But I’m not sure what that is.
I should keep thinking about it.
Otherwise, there’s no reason not to make the rational choice.
According to the book, we were supposed to reconcile...
The book?
She didn’t say all those terrible things in the book. She hugged me.
I ponder for a moment.
Why couldn’t it work out like in the book...
You shouldn’t talk about the outcome you imagined as if it were the book reality is based on.
I hit the nail on the head, she falls silent.
Phew...
Dark Circle’s yawn interrupts us.
All right... Number 0721, how’s everything going?
We completed our inspections. Everything is ready for tomorrow. No issues.
She answers like a robot.
Now is the part where she usually hands over a scrap of paper with payment instructions. But this time, she stands there, immobile.
Huh?
She looks at me, anxious.
Then, she starts patting her chest’s pocket. It’s supposed to be here.
Ah... Sorry. I haven’t... yet...
She rushes over to the computer, grabbing a pen and paper.
Ugh...
Forget it, you’re good for today. Clean up.
Ah? Hum...
Understood. We’ll do it right away.
As usual, Dark Circle heads towards the ship.
I’m sorry.
You’re always apologizing, is it a new trend?
Yeah...
Well, in that case...
(END)
Once we’re done with work, it’s time for lunch.
To avoid arousing suspicion from the guards, the inmates walk silently towards the cafeteria.
Gh...
Suddenly, Kurebayashi curls herself up and hides behind me.
What’s wrong?
No answer.
Trembling, she grabs my wrist. Her empty eyes focus anxiously ahead.
I follow her gaze to understand what’s going on.
It’s her natural enemy.
Ah, uh... aah...
Just yesterday, she was so eager to see her...
Now, she desperately presses her face against my back, trying to hide from Sofurin.
This is drawing too much attention.
What the fuck are you clinging together for?!
Naturally, the guards don’t overlook it.
We had a prisoner like this before! The one who used factory glue to...
Halfway through her angry approach, Officer Yamagishi halts at Sofurin’s voice.
We need to talk about the exhibition. Can you come over here?
I don’t mind, but these guys... the glue incident...
Dr. Higuchi said that Number 0721 has a transient neurosis. I don’t want to deal with it, so leave them be.
I see. Nothing to do with glue, then...
Sofurin walks away with Officer Yamagishi, not sparing a glance.
It doesn’t feel like she wanted to save us.
It just seems like she doesn’t want to be involved with Kurebayashi at all.
Also, I’m curious about the glue incident now.
......
After making sure that her sister is gone, Kurebayashi detaches her face from my back.
She still holds onto my wrist.
Why are you hiding?
If my sister sees me, she’ll feel uncomfortable.
Incredible.
What do you mean?
You’re seeing things as they are.
Even a fool like me can understand that much...
Until this morning, you were a fool who didn’t even understand that much.
Actually... I knew.
Actually, I think you didn’t.
Huh...
You absolutely didn’t.
She looks sad and tightens her grip on my wrist.
You need to let go. We’ll attract the guards again.
Sorry...
She obediently releases my hand, along with her new favorite sentence.
Now without support, her hand remains half-clenched and frozen midair.
My hand feels empty...
She mutters to herself.
My kingdom for a fidget spinner...
(END)
Night comes.
Even though the prison houses numerous inmates, if you’re inside your cell, you’re alone.
But I always have my partner with me.
The situation keeps getting worse and worse.
Yeah, that’s right...
We have an escape route.
And we just need to wait for the right moment to get out.
However, we’re still missing the key piece of our plan.
Do you think there’s a chance that Sofurin comes around?
A slight chance, maybe. People and penises are the same. If you shake them hard enough,
What are the chances of her changing her mind?
Close to zero, but not completely null.
I agree.
Sofurin has become robust and stubborn over the years.
Her determination won’t waver easily.
I spent the whole day contemplating my glans and came to one conclusion.
What’s that?
If your main priority is to escape, it would be easier to convince Drone Girl than the captain.
That’s also the conclusion I came to.
Right now, she’s weakened by her sister’s rejection. It shouldn’t be too hard to guide her towards giving up her sister.
I think so too.
But you don’t want to, right?
Spot on deduction. I’m a bit surprised.
Yeah, you hit the mark.
That’s because I know you so well, Shuichiro.
Amatsu is so reliable.
But I don’t know why I can’t bring myself to do it.
I feel strange when I think about it. As if something’s missing. Even though it looks like the best option, it feels like I’m overlooking a major downside to doing it.
Why do you think that?
Otherwise, there’s no reason not to go for the best option.
I see. That does sound logical.
But you know, Shuichiro, I don’t think that’s it...
It’s not?
Right now, you’re about to make an illogical choice.
Me?
Yeah. You know that convincing Drone Girl is the best option you’ve got. Yet, you’re considering other possibilities.
Why is that?
Why indeed.
Amatsu told me that people and penises alike act irrationally when emotions are involved.
Am I making a choice driven by emotions, lacking rationality?
I don’t know the answer to that.
Not arguing back when Amatsu got insulted must have something to do with it too.
Something indescribable is swirling in me.
Chapter 69!
A bright light illuminates the cells.
I shield my eyes with my hand as I peep outside the bars.
If your number is called, strip down immediately!
Frightening footsteps echo through the Obscenity Ward.
Number 0688! Number 0719! Number 0768! Number 0849...
Numbers are called out one after another. The inmates quickly undress when called.
Fortunately or unfortunately, both Kurebayashi and I aren’t called.
Teamed-up guards and security team members each head to their assigned cells.
Chapter 69,” the masturbation inspection, begins
Prepare your dicks!
Y-Yes...!
Even the most self-assured inmates turn pale when this happens.
Failure to ejaculate quickly results in punishment. One word from the guards can lead to severe disciplinary measures.
Some sadistic guards take advantage of this opportunity to legally inflict pain on exposed, sensitive areas.
Despite officially being called a “masturbation inspection,” I can’t see it as anything more than a pretext anymore.
Amidst the fear of armed security forces and strict guards, the inmates are forced to cum.
Repeating this creates a connection between climax and fear.
It eventually creates people who are afraid of being aroused.
And that’s exactly what they want.
Twisting sexual desire, considered to be the driving force of sexual crimes, converts lust into fear. It changes a person.
Chapter 69,” the masturbation inspection, most likely has this as its true objective
I know the one Sofurin is in charge of.
Thanksh you for your help!
He looks rather relaxed.
I wonder if that’s because Sofurin is rumored to be softer these days.
And when I say soft, I don’t mean lax either. Rather, that should be the norm.
As long as you ejaculate quickly, she won’t do anything weird.
Maybe that’s why he’s so relaxed.
Sofurin glares at him without touching his dick.
Open your mouth.
Huh?
Excuse me?
Ah... I’ll open it!
Sensing something unusual, he slightly opens his mouth, confused.
I said, open your fucking mouth!
Aah...!
He opens his mouth so wide that his jaw could fall out.
You should have listened the first time. SST!
Huh?!
The atmosphere in the entire ward changes instantly.
No one utters a word, but everyone is shaking inside.
......
An officer from the special security team thrusts her shotgun into the inmate’s mouth.
Doesn’t matter if the loaded bullet is for crowd control.
From that distance, it would cause severe injuries.
He could die.
Huh?! Ugh...?!
Are you scared?
He clenches his mouth and nods with teary eyes.
The repeat offender, who used to sneak in and play around in nurseries and kindergartens wearing only a diaper... that’s you, right?
Huh! Ugh!
I wonder how scared the parents must have been. Thinking that their precious kids might fall victim to such a freak...
I hon’t! I won’t...!
SST!
Eep...!
He shrinks up as the gun pushes further inside him.
Will you? Won’t you? I don’t care. With you guys, it’s always like this... you only care about yourselves. Not a single sign of remorse.
Are you scared by that gun?
Ugh, ugh...!
There’s nothing to fear. If I order her to shoot, your consciousness will vanish instantly.
UGH!
Well... I’m not going to. But... it’s scary, right? It’s terrifying, isn’t it? Can you feel your whole body trembling?
Remember that fear! That’s what you, all of you inflicted!
You always claim to be the victims, saying you haven’t harmed anyone! How dare you?! Inflicting permanent trauma on innocent people!
Haa... Ugh...!
You’re probably thinking ‘Why do I have to go through all this...?’ Well guess what? That’s how your victims felt, too, even though they didn’t commit any crime!
I heard you guys are grading each other based on your crimes... If you think you can get out of here with that attitude, you’re seriously mistaken!
This feels like yesterday happening all over again.
In the piercing silence, Sofurin takes a deep breath.
However... thinking about it, it’s unfair to do this only to one person. After all, everyone here is a sex offender.
Tension fills the entire ward.
Any one of us could be the next to get a shotgun shoved down his throat.
The ones who were just looking at it like bystanders are now gripped by fear.
I’d like all of you to experience it... Unfortunately, unlike you guys, I don’t have that time. We need a more efficient way...
She stares at the gun with her piercing eyes.
Guess I’ll shoot...
HUH?!
To set an example, you know. Instead of wasting my time on each of you individually, I should just shoot. That would spread the fear efficiently.
Sh—! Shtop...!
What? Did you just tell me to stop?
Hold on, hold on! I’m the captain, right? And you’re an inmate, correct?
Yes...
Right, right... And you just gave me an order...
I... I wouldn—!
Shoot him.
Eep!
The security woman obeys.
She presses her finger on the trigger.
Ngh?!
His brains don’t come out the back of his head.
There’s not even the sound of a gunshot.
She did pull the trigger—no doubt about that.
But the gun was empty. It had no bullets in it.
Overwhelmed by fear, the convict collapses on the ground.
A white liquid is scattered on the floor.
Ejaculating without being touched... Looks like you weren’t masturbating.
An unprecedented silence envelops the Obscenity Ward.
And so, the terror of Chapter 69 comes to an end.
The others quickly finish as I’m focusing on Sofurin.
No punishments, that’s unusual.
I guess some would prefer the usual whipping to this lingering fear that holds the ward in thrall.
Ignoring this, the guards leave without a word.
I’ve only scratched the surface, but... now you understand how much fear you’ve inflicted on others.
Sofurin’s soul is also reaching its limit.
(END)
Walking, jogging, playing catch, and muscle training.
Many inmates are enjoying some exercise on the yard today.
......
I’m not doing anything in particular, just observing.
......
On the other hand, Kurebayashi looks completely lost in thought.
Do you like looking at the ground?
Yeah... It helps me realize how far from grounded I was.
Do you like looking at the sky?
Yeah... It’s empty just like me... Completely empty.
Looks like no matter what I say, it leads to a negative answer.
Those hairpins are cute.
They’re trash. I picked them up around here.
I wonder if that would look good on me.
You’re bald.
......
I don’t think she means it as an insult. “It won’t hold because you have no hair,” that’s all.
Two days have passed since the “conversation” with Sofurin, but Kurebayashi is not getting any better.
Her wounds are too deep. She’s gloomy all the time.
Gloom, gloom...
If she even says it out loud, it must be serious.
But she’s not the only one who looks unstable.
Judging from what happened during the last Chapter 69, Sofurin is also greatly affected.
Hey, Shuichiro.
Oh...!
Ozawa!
It’s been a while. How are you?
I’m... okay.
I haven’t seen you like this in a while... What’s up with her?
Kurebayashi hides behind me. Exchanging glances with both me and Ozawa.
Hiding behind me is the... latest trend.
There’s no such trend.
Kurebayashi.
There is...
What’s up with you?
Well, whatever... but I heard that things got pretty intense in the Obscenity Ward yesterday.
You heard about that?
Yeah, everyone is talking about it. Guess
Oh, that’s what it was?
Idiot. It’s an expression.
Yes... I’m an idiot...
I’m not talking to you... Seriously, what happened?
She’s on her period.
Huh?! Ah... really?
What? Still a virgin?
Don’t be stupid! I have a wife and a kid!
Huh?
What’s with that face...?
Ozawa, you’re kidding, right...?
You didn’t know? Hehe, it’s quite something, she’s this small and...
Oh, your wife’s tiny.
My daughter! Daughter! Stupid fuck!
Shh. Speak softly, you’re going to scare Kurebayashi.
Ugh... I’m sorry...
Seriously, what’s wrong with you two morons...
Enough about me. I heard Sofurin went ballistic, thought you might know what was up with that...
Sounds interesting, mind if I join?
Mr. Kugitani!
It’s rare for you to jump in that kind of conversation.
I still don’t have enough information about last night. I need to put those old bones at work and investigate.
It must have been quite something. The guy’s in pretty bad shape.
He tilts his head, pointing at the guy who was forced to give a blowjob to a gun.
Bang!
Ah, aah, eep!
He falls on his ass, dramatically.
What happened last night unlocked a new trauma in him.
Sofurin said she wanted to make an example, but apart from that guy, it didn’t take.
Hahaha!
Everyone is toying with him.
That’s ballsy. If they catch the guards’ attention, they’re the ones who’re gonna be suckin’ the barrel next time.
That’s the point.
Huh? What do you mean?
They’re trying to show off to everyone else.
You’re starting to catch on, aren’t you? In prison, the guards have absolute authority, but if you’re scared of the guards, you’ll be seen as a spineless wimp by your fellow inmates.
The Obscenity Ward is often taken lightly. I suppose they’re trying to prove something by tempting the guards.
Is that so?
Yeah, it’s common. Look at your boss, she’s young and not particularly big, but she’s got guts.
Even without Hatae’s reputation, she would’ve gained respect from others.
Ozawa nods in agreement.
However, Sofurin probably won’t find it amusing.
Fortunately, she’s not here. But I wonder what would happen if she found out that inmates are playing a shotgun face-fucking game as a challenge.
Still, her intimidation is not entirely useless.
BAM!
EEP!!!
It works on some of us.
I didn’t think Sofurin could go that far...
I’m not surprised. It’s not the first time something like that’s happened.
Like when she was monitoring me?
Nah, long before that. A year ago, was it?
Long before I came here.
I cast a questioning glance at Kurebayashi.
Looks like she doesn’t know about this either.
She tugs at my clothes and whispers in a small voice.
Ask them... what happened...
What happened?
......
Mr. Kugitani looks up at the sky.
The winter sun is already tilting westward, trying to hide behind the clouds.
It was over a year ago. On a snowy and cold day...
Or that’s what I’d start with, but you see, selling information is my job.
Do you want compensation?
Yeah. So, about Sofurin going ballistic... Do you know if something happened?
I know.
Huh? Really?
What happened?
Kurebayashi tugs at my sleeve.
I... I don’t want you to say anything.
Something happened... but I can’t say what.
You bastard... don’t go that far if you’re gonna clam up!
Don’t say that. Forcing it out is not my style.
These two know something. But it’s something they can’t tell anyone else... and that’s more than enough information for me.
Come on, it’s us. You can tell us!
Haha. Looks like Exhibitiman is finally getting the hang of prison life.
And, there’s something I wanted to ask you, too. You’ve been looking unusually busy lately, haven’t you?
Uh... yeah, well! Some... stuff came up... and I can’t talk about it, you know... It’s, uh, gang stuff!
Come on, it’s us. You can tell us!
Hey! Don’t steal my lines!
You’ve lost this round.
Since you gave me precious information, I should pay you back.
Huh?
Excited, Kurebayashi instinctively takes a step forward.
She stops and quickly steps back.
And hides behind my back again.
I want you to say, ‘Really?’
Really?
Why do you keep doing this?
......
She doesn’t want to speak to anyone but me.
Honestly, this story is famous in the prison. Anyone who was in here a year ago knows about it.
Anyone...?
Disappointed?
I paid the price...
Well, there’s another prison life lesson for you.
Still, I’m an information broker. I know more than the others about what happened back then.
Ask him what happened.
What happened?
A riot.
It catches me off guard.
Where’s the introduction? ‘It was a cold and snowy day...’
It’s a joke. Unfortunately, I’m not a storyteller; I’m an information broker.
I guess he’s trying to avoid sounding like an old man who can’t stop talking.
I know there was a riot...
I know there was a riot.
Can’t you just say it yourself?
Hic... Ooh...!
Great, you made her cry.
Huh?! N-No... don’t cry... I’m sorry, okay?
Can I continue?
Please continue.
As soon as he continues, she instantly stops crying and focuses on him.
That’s Kurebayashi for you.
There was a guy serving time for religious crimes among those handled by Sofurin at the time. Some cult leader who got nabbed.
Those folks show up from time to time.
What was his nickname?
Nemo.
What?
I’m not sure, but I heard that’s what people call God on the internet lately.
Lately...?
What did he do?
The classic. He raped one of his followers.
And Sofurin was in charge of him? In the Obscenity Ward? For assault?
The victim didn’t admit she was assaulted until the end. He had some kind of control over her mind. He got arrested for something else.
Man, that’s fucked up... Sofurin’s in no luck, dealing with all that.
No luck? She could beat him up legally.
That’s not supposed to be legal!
But here’s the thing. Sofurin was keeping a close eye on Nemo at the time.
Why?
Was it mind control...?
Was it mind control?
Nah. Sofurin was ridiculously serious back then. She genuinely wanted to rehabilitate the guy.
Did you just call her ridiculous...?
......
A riot broke out. And one of the organizers was that cult leader.
Oh... He betrayed her.
He took a rookie guard hostage, demanding a score reduction.
Like
That’s about what Sofurin said. Then the guy got mad... and he stabbed the guard.
Whoa...
Did she die?
It was just a piece of glass. The wound wasn’t that deep. Actually, Nemo is the one who almost died.
What the fuck?
Sofurin lost it. Betrayed by the one she’d been looking after.
She pulled out her baton, pinned Nemo down on the floor, and kept hitting him over and over. I didn’t witness it, but I heard she almost beat him to death.
......
Of course, Sofurin faced consequences, but both the guards and prisoners felt sorry for her. It’s a fucked-up story.
After that, she was a wreck. For all she’d always been talking about rehabilitating inmates, she started treating every convict like irredeemable scum.
According to him, she completely changed since that day.
She became excessively aggressive, handing out punishments for trivial reasons. Eventually, she calmed down, but her original mindset never returned.
She 
And you think that what happened yesterday is similar to that?
Yeah. At least that’s what a guy from the Obscenity Ward told me.
My sister is being brainwashed by the prison.
Kurebayashi said so, countless times.
Listening to that story, that belief seems surprisingly accurate.
She entered prison, full of convictions, had her heart broken by a betrayal, and eventually concluded that all inmates are nothing but scum.
Her time in the prison absolutely changed her thinking, so in a manner of speaking, it’s not wrong to call it brainwashing.
There’s still something bothering me...
She mentioned something when she was crying the other day.
Do you know anything about a guy killing himself when he got out?
Suicide? Another grim tale...
Sorry, I haven’t heard of it. I don’t know much about what happens outside.
What happened to Nemo...?
What happened to Nemo?
He was charged with assaulting a guard, went to trial, and is probably in another prison now.
So he didn’t get discharged.
He’s not the guy Sofurin was talking about.
One thing I can say is that post-release suicides aren’t that uncommon.
Is that so?
The public attitude against ex-convicts is way colder than the wind blowing in prison.
Sounds... cold.
And it’s hard to hide your criminal record nowadays.
Sex offenders are particularly loathed. Once they’re out, it’s harder for them to live outside than in prison.
So, people who couldn’t find a way to survive outside have generally two choices. Can you guess?
Become a yakuza or something?
Spot on. Joining the underworld... some become yakuza inside the walls. Looks like a lot of people join random gangs these days.
Now, what’s the other choice?
Voluntarily going back behind bars...
Voluntarily going back behind bars.
You got it. Model student, huh?
They can’t survive outside the walls, but if they go back inside...
Mr. Kugitani nods to say we’re right.
There are also people who can’t control their urges and repeat offenses. But others just want to come back here.
......
Now, for those who couldn’t choose either option, there’s still Option C...
Suicide.
He nods in response.
We can hear people playing catch.
A fat raven croaks.
Well then, I think I’ll go gather some more information.
Can I ask one more thing?
Depends on what it is.
I want to know how to cheer up someone who’s feeling down.
Someone feeling down?
You too, Ozawa.
What do you mean me too...? Is it about Drone Girl?
I look at Kurebayashi.
You can’t tell.
I can’t tell you.
Just say it already!
Watching our exchange, Mr. Kugitani chuckles wryly.
Sorry, but that’s not my expertise. You might want to try looking in a book or something.
(END)
