The laundry room is another workstation that has evening breaks.
We get a break from six o’clock to seven o’clock, solidly before dinner.
......
I’m out on a walk with no particular destination in mind.
It’s strange, really. My heart feels just a bit lighter.
I head out to the yard today.
The sea breeze is chilly but pleasant on my skin.
The sun’s... about set.
I find twilight to be beautiful wherever I am.
The light I see, however, immediately gives way to pitch blackness.
......!
I’m grabbed and arm-bound from behind.
Hey, hold him down! Make sure he can’t even think of moving!
Urgh...!
They slam my face to the ground.
I lose my sense of equilibrium and feel a slight sense of nausea come on.
Someone look out for the guards! Hey! Crappymori! Get out there and keep watch!
Eeeep! R-Right away!
Make sure not to forget the gag! We don’t want his screams getting out!
Helllooo? Can you hear me all right? Not too shocked by the surprise visit, are you?
Rin Hanamaru.
You really think you could pull that kind of shit on someone who took you under her wing and not get punished, you bad little boy?
......!
A pricking pain assails me.
I can’t see a thing.
I have no idea what is happening to me.
Aww, is baby scared? Quiverin’ in his little booties because he doesn’t know where he’s gonna get pricked next?
What’s next? Your back? Maybe a thigh? How ’bout right in the gut? Maybe even that smug face?
Each individual prick isn’t much in the way of pain.
Whatever they’re hitting me with, it’s a lot smaller than a medical needle.
Jab! Jab, jab, jab, jaaab!
Yet all there is is fear.
The horror of being unable to brace myself for where they will strike next.
Where to next? Think I’ll jaaab...
......
Nowhere! Hyahahahaha!
Oh, guard down! Right in the ass!
Gh...!
Pain runs out from my rear as I let out a cry.
Ahaha! Beg for help all you want. Nobody’s going to show up! Not as long as we don’t go get them!
Oh. We’re in a blind spot, then.
Ghk... Ha, haa...!
Another step of progress on our map.
How many more were left, anyway?
All righty, next up... how about right around here?
Someone reaches forward.
Urgh...!
They reach for my cock.
Say, did you know that you can snap a boner’s bone?
It’s got a fancy medical name too: penile fracture. The middle of your cock starts bleeding out. It gets all swollen and hurts like you wouldn’t believe...
Whoa...
My scrotum feels like it’s taken to the air.
If it gets snapped, I’d... no, he’d—
Gahhhhh!
Oh-hoh, now that’s a rare reaction coming out of you! Oh, this is getting real fun!
Hey, Hanamaru, maybe that’s going a little bit too far.
Come again? What? Are you feeling sorry for him as a fellow cock-haver? Tch! Scrotum Squad’s as pathetic as ever.
You really said your piece in the cafeteria, running your mouth like that. That shit you talked, it really, REALLY hurt us.
But unlike you, kid, we’re going to be the adults in the room and forgive you.
If you get on your knees and bow, swearing you’ll never talk back to us again... I’ll spare you the prick to your prick.
Hey man, you really should apologize, like real fast.
Their laughs echo down the hall.
The bouncing sound carries with it the hostility of the prison, and I’m stuck in its spiral.
Say something, dumbass!
Ohhh, sorry, you’re still gagged. Forgot to take it off. I’m reaaaal sorry about that.
My soul would have been crushed if I were all alone.
Okay, now you can talk! Gather ’round, everyone, this is gonna be real good!
Get naked like the exhibitionist freak you are and beg for forgiveness! Gyahaha!
I refuse.
But I am not alone.
I will not allow myself to be controlled by any other.
Not even God can hold my reins.
I am me.
I am me, and I am not alone.
Because I am made by myself.
You gotta be kidding me, you’re still on that?!
I pity you sickos, I really do. You can’t even make a slave of this exhibitionist freak.
Tch! Bite your tongue, you little piece of shit!
They don’t end up needling my cock.
Instead, my face swells to many times its size with bruises. Lots of them.
That night, Captain Shikolenko takes me off to a certain room, absolutely baffled at the sorry state of my face.
A room that smells of medicine.
Oh, there you are. Looks like you’ve had a real roll in the mud, kid.
Such are the first words of the willowy woman in the white lab coat.
The room is a bit more impressive than a school infirmary, but a touch less equipped than a hospital room.
I figure this is what doctor’s offices in small-town clinics must look like.
Let me introduce myself. I’m a medical doctor and counselor working for Tulip Prison. Eriko Higuchi.
Good to meet you.
Likewise.
What’s your name?
Number 0720.
She laughs off my standard greeting.
This may be on facility grounds, but here technically isn’t part of the prison, so you don’t need to give me the number routine here.
......
Here in the medical ward, prisoners and guards are all equal. I won’t pass on anything you say to the prison guards or higher-ups—that’s my promise to you. Your secrets are safe with me.
Equal?
Yeah. That’s why they call this place the prison’s neutral zone. For having that basic human rights stuff, I guess.
This is the first time I’ve been in the medical ward.
The first floor has evenly spaced beds and seems to be mainly for the seriously injured.
I’m on the second floor, which is the counseling and consulting room.
Anyway, that promise of confidentiality was one of my terms for residency here. I’ve got to follow the four principles of biomedical ethics and all that.
......?
Ahh, to put it simply, it’s basically... Absolutely avoid doing anything not for the good of the patient? That kind of stuff.
She narrows her uniquely shaped eyes and laughs.
Your prison pals hadn’t told you about this place?
No. I don’t have any friends.
Ahh, right, right. It can be rough out there.
Prisoners are to take their counseling at eight o’clock at night.
The space between appointments is irregular, but they get announced during roll calls, and a few prisoners are taken off to the med ward.
Your counseling was supposed to be next week, but Sonya slipped in and told me she had an inmate with a real swollen face.
You mean someone tattled?
Huh? Ahaha, nah, nothing like that. Don’t worry, I was basically thinking out loud.
Anyway, let’s get you fixed up first. Where does it hurt?
Nowhere.
Says the guy with a face full of bruises. Where’d these come from, anyway?
Got them trying to finish something I’m working on.
Yeah? But... doesn’t it wear you out, fighting every day?
I didn’t get these from fighting. I just fell down the stairs.
Oh-hoh, right, right. Let me just give you an ice pack, then.
She hands me a big bag filled with ice.
Then, she places her tablet on her lap and sits in the chair in front of me.
Will you tell me your name?
Shuichiro Minato.
Shuichiro Minato, got it. Mind if I call you Shuichiro?
Go ahead.
You can call me what you’d like. Miss Higuchi, Eriko... Heck, even Ellie doesn’t sound half-bad!
What I’d... like?
Yeah. I’m the same age as some inmates’ daughters, so they call me by their daughters’ names. Can’t say what those names are for privacy reasons, though.
......
Oh? What’s the matter? I didn’t say something off-color, did I?
The last person who talked to me so warmly ended up hurting me a lot.
The way this Eriko Higuchi talks sort of reminds me of Rin Hanamaru.
That’s probably why I feel a natural aversion to her.
I’ve never felt this way about a person I’ve just met before, so I enjoy the novelty.
Did they, now? I wonder, maybe they copied my way of speaking a bit, then?
......
Well, anyway. Hear me out—you’re not an inmate when you’re here, so I just want to talk to you relaxed.
I just want you to be at your most natural state. How you want to sit, what you want to call me, how you present yourself... that kind of stuff.
I strip off my clothes.
I sit back down fully nude.
......
Should I be clothed?
I’m not trying to test her or anything.
But I pay very close attention to her reaction.
No, you’re fine as you are. If being in your birthday suit is what you need, then who am I to judge?
To my surprise, she simply shakes her head and smiles.
Are you sure?
I sure am. The act of getting naked is really important to you, right? It’s something your heart needs?
Her voice is strangely warm.
But stripping out of nowhere threw me for a loop, you know? I’m a fair maiden myself, Sir Nudesalot, so I could use a least a little gentleness!
She softly grinds her fist on my head.
It feels strangely nostalgic.
I find myself wanting to call her Dr. Higuchi.
Anyway, the counseling isn’t as dramatic or involved as it sounds.
I’m just going to take your pulse and vitals and talk a little like we are now.
She sticks a few stickers with cables attached to them onto me.
There are ten in all. They’re connected to the machine to the right of her and send regular, rough signals to its monitor.
A cardiogram.
That’s right. Ever seen one?
Wow. A real one. Never seen one before.
I feel excited since I’ve only seen one on TV.
Haha, I guess you don’t see one every day. Your heart rate hasn’t changed too much, though.
It hasn’t?
Yeah. You know, you’re probably a lot more relaxed than other people, personality-wise.
I’ve never thought about my heart rate before, so this is a first.
More importantly, I finally noticed that the sticker was touching my wound.
Oh, what’s up? Boo-boo starting to hurt?
Just a little.
Oh, boys will be boys, always pretending to be all stoic. Such a handful to deal with. Here, let me disinfect that for you.
She clutches a cotton ball with a pair of tweezers and uses it to rubs disinfectant over my chest.
You really had a number done on you, huh? This is the kind of damage that would have anyone banging down my door right away.
Judging from these bruises, looks like you got beat up. By a crowd, no less.
You can tell?
In the blink of an eye with a full view of you. I’m a doctor, remember?
......
Hey, Shuichiro.
She speaks with an air of casualness as she types on a small, thin keyboard on her desk.
I might be able to make them stop, you know?
I’m fine.
The casualness of her expression is unchanging as she stands up and puts away the medicine.
No one’s ever died in this prison from getting bullied, but a lot have ended up seriously injured.
Is that so.
There’s plenty of cunning, underhanded folk out there who try to drag others down without dirtying their own hands. Sadly, that’s just society.
......
This is a fact I’ve come to notice, if only through vibes alone.
Hmm, I see. Something you don’t want to compromise on, then?
I’d rather not.
The odds are great, but I don’t want to seek help. Not for this.
I want to solve it on my own.
It’s an issue of pride, basically.
Pride, huh? Hmm. Pride...
Yeah! Yeah, that kind of stuff’s important!
She puts her hands together, seeming to find this funny.
That looks to be a signal that the consulting is over.
Okay, to wrap up: where’s the candy?
She holds out two balled fists to me.
I pick the right. She opens it to reveal a red candy inside.
We’ve got a winner! And since you’re a good boy, remember—eat it before you head back to your cell!
She puts a hand on my head with a toothy grin.
Speaking as your doctor, I really have to recommend you don’t put yourself at too much risk... Anyway! You’re free to go!
The candy on my tongue is incredibly sweet.
For the first time in a long while, I feel human again. It’s very nice.
Don’t worry, doctor.
I make my announcement alongside my thanks.
This whole thing is almost over.
(END)
Okay, that piece of shit kid’s REALLY starting to get on my nerves!
Lackey Number One slams the desk in a rage.
All of our innuendo traps are just flyin’ over them. And it’s not like coming up with those ideas is easy!
He’s been avoiding all the spots too. And how the hell’s he puzzled out the spots we haven’t used yet?
It looks like the kid’s been searching out our spots by playing fast and loose with the rules.
Does he really think he can escape our grasp with one or two weak little tricks like that?
We’ve had our fun playing with our food. It’s about time we crushed our little exhibitionist and ground him into paste.
Huh? Mizz Hanamaru, I-I dig you’re slinging metaphors, but we go any further and we might end up, y’know, killin’ ’im. And like, if the guards happen to catch wind of it...
God, these guys are so fucking stupid. Brainless. Mindless. The type of moron to put salt on fries.
Oh, it’ll be fine. We’ve still got one spot, don’t we? A spot they’ll absolutely go to? That they have no choice but to?
This is really the kind of thing you’d figure out in the snap of a finger if you used your fucking head for even a fraction of a second.
But I guess you wouldn’t be in a dead-end prison like this if you had any lights on upstairs, and I’m the only exception.
There’s a way to snap their hearts in two like a block of cheap dollar-store chocolate without getting our hands dirty with actual violence. Know what that is?
Er, uh?
Solitary confinement.
A chill runs down everyone’s spines.
Solitary confinement is, plainly, hell.
From the toughest roughneck to the most rebellious free spirit, anyone leaves solitary an obedient cog after three days.
But, like, you gotta do something really bad to get sent to solitary.
Then we make them do that ‘something really bad.’
The kid’s got the guards’ eyes on him from his little spot hunt.
I’ve even heard that those dumbfuck guards are thinking of coming down harder on loophole bangs because of it.
Now, how could I not take advantage of that?
Breaking that exhibitionist in half will be a piece of cake.
I just need to use that beloved naked body of his against him.
Everyone is on edge the next day.
We’ve wasted no time in enacting the plan. I wouldn’t let that happen.
One-third of my pawns are talentless, another third are brainless, and the rest are both talentless and brainless. I’ve got the Dumbass Avengers under me.
If I sit on my hands with the plan clanging around in their empty skulls, one of them’s going to break and let word slip out.
I have to get this done before they fuck it up.
M-Mizz Hanamaru, there’s like, no scissors in the laundry room! We’re gonna have a rough time getting that snip in!
So fucking what? Steal a pair from another station and slip it back when you’re done—who’s gonna know?
Ah, right, g-gettin’ on that then.
Tch, can’t any of those morons even try to make their own decisions?
Nothing quite builds stress like having to manage a pack of fools.
It’s been one easily avoidable fuck-up after another from these lemmings these past weeks, and I feel like I’m going to go as bald as that nudist shitstain.
Hell, I’m starting to feel like I had an easier time back when I was taking the kid for a ride.
......
Back outside, I was always on top of people. I was the one giving the orders.
I reigned as a queen, dictating to the morons under me how to wipe their asses.
I used my sister and my authority to extract bank from the shit-for-brains out there with more money than common sense.
Yet now that I’m in this trash heap of a dungeon, I’ve got imbeciles working me like a horse—imbeciles with no claim to authority other than their Reich-kitsch getups!
It pisses me off.
There’s no way I’m living without getting the stress out somehow.
What better way than to torment those below me?
Mockery, denigration, bullying, and abuse... That’s all that lightens my mood.
Absolutely nothing erases stress more than the tearful eyes of my victims looking up at me in fear, begging for forgiveness.
The modern world is one of stress.
Much as the wealthy exploit the poor, extracting wealth from them, the talented push their stress onto the talentless to relieve it. As they should, in a capitalist society.
Japan has been this way since time immemorial, passing the baton of worries down the line.
Debt. Stress. Infrastructure crises.
It is simply the Japanese way to pass down all coming anxieties to the next generation, then kick the bucket before resentment of the elders kicks in.
I’m simply respecting tradition when I take all this well-earned stress and pass it down to those below me.
This, my dear, is how a true Yamato Nadeshiko works—the very ideal of a traditional Japanese woman.
Performing my ritual of stress transfer behind the scenes makes it all the easier to play the part of a model prisoner in public.
That’s how I’ve lived well until now.
Then this loser appeared. This scrub who dared oppose me.
Grr...
I was nice to him. Made him my pawn and made his dreams come true a little bit. It could have been good. Could have been nice.
But he just had to go and say he wanted to help that red-haired brat.
His blunder gave me an obligation as his superior: showing him what becomes of fools down here.
I’ve finished all my preparations.
All that remains is the pleasure of release.
God, I can’t wait to give him the stress I’ve worked so hard to build up, all gift-wrapped and with a ribbon.
Heh... heheheh...
I feel this violent, burning joy whenever I see the suffering of others.
There’s nothing like biting into the sweet citrus of superiority. Its sadistic juices run down my lips.
Once you’ve tasted it, there’s no going back. You’re tormenting people for life.
That’s the only way you... the only way I can feel alive.
......
It’s survival of the fittest out here, baby.
History is written by the victors, and what could be more villainous than a loser?
More than anything, though, is the very moment I see a weakling’s face twist in defeat. The pleasure I feel swelling up inside is divine. Irreplaceable.
Heh... Heheh... Heh, hahahaha!
I’m going to make him regret going against me until his ass is in the ground.
Because there’s nothing that fills me with disgust, nothing that makes me want to puke quite as much as being taken lightly. By anyone.
After some time has passed, the afternoon break is finally here.
Most people are out on the yard, and many of the guards are focused on watching over them.
For a model prisoner such as myself, slipping into another workstation is child’s play.
As long as I keep my work jacket off, I can simply say I got lost during break time. They’ll believe me. I know they will.
M-Miss Hanamaru! I’ve got them organizing the back room just like you asked! Eheh, heheh!
Good job, Crappymori. I’ll give you a reward—I’ll plant a tree in your ass and make you really live up to your name.
Er... actually, I was hoping we could finally d-do something about that name...
Excuse me?
O-Oh! N-Nothing! Heheh...
This is the problem with amateurs. You praise them a tiny bit and they let it get to their heads.
When this is over, I’ll have to really remind her who’s on top.
Well hello there, my dear little Dickelions!
The first rule of etiquette: proper greetings.
A pause. I realize neither of them has been brought up properly.
......
They shudder and turn to face me. Not even so much as a hello.
What’s up? Why are the faces like a dead deer caught in a spotlight? Is it inconvenient to see me here or something?
You really don’t need to emote more than your normal blank look—I liked that! Why the hostility? Didn’t we vow to take a tonsil bath together, my dear Shu-i-chi-ro?
First, I have my lackeys block the exit.
You’ve been buzzing around like a drunk fly escaping us and avoiding all our spots, but here, right here! As long as you’re slaving away in the laundry room, you can’t avoid this room!
They can’t probe for an opening and escape, not with how I’ve set things up.
Now I just need to tighten the noose. One piece of insurance to kill any chance they have of escape.
This your first time, both of you? How about we start with you two stripping, first?
I refuse.
Did you not hear her? She said take off your fucking clothes!
When Lackey No. 4 yells, well, goodness me, the two little piggies start stripping off their prison suits.
They don’t even put up a fight.
I thought they would at least complain, but no. A yell is all it took.
They fell as easily as my sister when she sees a big dick.
......
What’s your angle? We’re not giving in.
Gh...!
Shit. That was close. I have to hold myself back.
The female is silent, but the male exhibitionist still has some bark in him.
He’s probably happy to get his little dick out.
Going to prick my cock with a needle again? I expected something more creative.
Hm? ’Scuse me? You think you’re getting off with playground tricks?
You see, there’s a way for a beautiful, wonderful woman such as myself to plunge you into the pit without getting so much as a speck of dust on my pretty little hands.
I pull out the pair of scissors.
And I tear up their stripped clothes with them.
What are y—?
It’s quiz time! This one’s forrrr... Shuichirooo!
Remember, you tried to... pff, tried to kiss me, and you got the book thrown at you when you got caught!
So tell me. Now you’re in a dark room with a woman, and both of you are naked... What will the bosses think?!
I can see it, the blood rushing from his face.
It looks like he’s pieced together just how fucked he is.
Too bad and too late. Way too late!
No one’s going to buy the excuse that you haven’t cum—not when you’re here in the heated throes of a loophole bang!
Which means your ass is going to solitary, guaranteed! Gyahaha!
A-And I’ll testify! I’ll say, boss, those two disappeared on the job! T-They were definitely doing something! Eheheh!
Nothing gets you fucked more in this prison than fucking.
Sofurin hates loophole bangs more than any of the other guards. If she catches wind of this, they’re both on a one-way trip to solitary.
If a kiss got you dragged around by the dick, what do you think they’ll hit you with for actual
Solitary is hell.
Three days turns you into an obedient drone, and a month? No one wants to think about that.
No guard will come. That’s too convenient.
Oh? Well, what if a certain someone ’round here slipped out and called for them?
I snap my fingers.
Lackey No. 2 rushes out eagerly as if waiting for just this moment.
Oh my goodness, would you listen to that? I think those are footsteps! Time for a game of guard hide and seek, kids! Woooo!
Oh, here they come.
It’s almost time for the moment of truth.
Ahhh, the footsteps have come to a, mm, resounding stop! Looks like he found the captain!
This is the kind of moment I live for.
A shiver runs down my spine. I could cum.
......!
Gyahahaha! God, just look at the looks on you two! You could make those your memorial photos and have ’em at your funeral! I’ve waited for soooooooooooooooooooooo...
...fucking long to see that look on your faces!
There’s not much going on in prison, and with sex banned, you can really count the fun things you can do on one hand.
Ain’t nothing funnier than knocking a smug fuck down a peg or two, ahah!
Heh, heh, heh, these little shitheads are gonna get p-punished by my hand...!
This. This is it, baby.
I pity you. I really do! You met this beautiful girl, she was nice to you, she was the first person to understand you... and she, pff, was going to kiss you?
In that moment, the core of my cunt gets blazing hot.
And it was all a fuckin’ lie! She took you for a ride! You didn’t get your lips OR your dick wet! I’m cryin’ a river for you, Shuichiro! Bahaha!
Aww, was this your first love? Your first widdle crush? That’s written all over your face! Ohhhh, poor you, having such a shitty first time!
It feels so, so good.
I took your little heart and I played it like a fiddle! I crushed your feelings like a freshly made sand castle!
Hi, I’m Rin Hanamaru with Heartcrushers Inc.! For a limited time only, get half off getting your heart smashed! Call 555-Crush-Me!
Bwahahaha! God, you were so fucking easy. I nearly died holding the laughs in through it all!
Like, come on, you put on a face like you’re talkin’ the truth of the universe going ‘exhibitionism is art.’ Art? Then what? Is every bathhouse a goddamn gallery? Gyahahaha!
The moment of climax.
Awww, did widdle Shuichiro wanna kiss me? Lock our lippy-wippies, maybe get a little tongue in there? Well, too fucking baaaaad!
The moment I know for sure that I’m stronger than anyone.
We polled one hundred people, asking them how many wanted to kiss Shuichiro Minato! The results are in! Yes: Zero! No: A billion!
Reason given: No one wants to kiss the gross messiah of nudism other than his Judas, obviously!
And only for thirty pieces of silver!
The joy of hearing the weak groan in agony.
Enjoy the rest of your life on the bottom of every totem pole you find your ass in and make sure you curse your parents for birthing you with such a pathetic fetish!
The pleasure of hearing others moan in pain from a position of absolute safety.
So long and farewell, Shuichiro! Enjoy a lifetime’s worth of regrets in solitary and carrying that trauma for the rest of your days!
Gyahahahaha!
God, this is fun. Nothing could be better.
I can feel it. It’s so close—the moment when a climax harder than any climax hits me.
Ready?
Let’s see it.
Yeah, Kurebayashi.
That face of yours twisted in utter despair.
They’re finally here.
Excuse me?
You used to keep playing your stupid tricks on us, so I was wondering if you’d finally gotten bored.
We’ve known for a long time there’s no security camera here.
It was a total coincidence, though. We were putting the squeeze on Crappymori over there and no guard came. That’s all.
So we figured you would attack us here eventually.
What are you babbling about, losers?
All right, ‘Ran.’ Answer us this.
Between us and you, who’s really naked?
Excuse me? Have you gone blind?
I heard we had fools trafficking in indecent exposure again! Is this the place?
Captain Shikolenko, I’ve been waiting.
Nothing these idiots have been babbling means anything.
They’re just standing and pointing, nothing more.
Idiots. Amateurs. Fools.
Just braying like animals.
Running their mouths from the fear of solitary.
Nothing they say can change the facts: they’re naked, and I’m clothed.
Boss, they disappeared on the job! They were definitely up to something!
Good job, Crappymori. Leaving the salting of the fries until the end.
No matter what they say, my victory is unmoving.
Now, let’s see it. That twisted, bawling face I know you’ve got.
State your names! Right now!
Yes, ma’am! Number 0333!
Number 0545!
Our announcements are pleasant. Proud.
Ah. Is that so? I see.
Our win is locked in.
I said it once and I’ll say it again: I will bury you.
Sniveling worm of a nudist. This is what you get for going against me.
You’re about to see what I meant.
Piss yourself down in solitary and think about how sorry you are for what you’ve done.
Then why, pray tell, are you wearing Number 0720 and Number 0721’s uniforms?
Huh?
Rin lets out a dim grunt of surprise.
W-Wait, what? No, look at them, they’re n—
Her lackey Ozawa is just as confused.
They have absolutely no grasp of the situation.
And how can they? People can’t see their own backs.
Explain yourselves. Now.
We’re Numbers 0720 and 0721. Those two stole our clothes.
They said they wanted clean clothes since they messed theirs up during a loophole bang.
What?! Now you’re just making shit up!
Don’t try to defend yourself! I have eyes in my head!
There’s only one entrance to this room.
If guards are coming in, they’ll have to use it.
I knew that our tormentors would have their backs turned to the entrance, to cut off our escape.
I can see everything clear as day from here!
I’d left a little something on the backs of their clothes.
You’re wearing the clothes you stole from them!
Our prisoner numbers are sewn neatly on.
The way the clothes are organized is simple—they’re grouped up with tags, so finding the right ones was a piece of cake.
The laundry room is also well-stocked with sewing equipment.
On top of that, most prisoners haven’t noticed that our uniforms have our numbers sewn on the back.
Numbers 0333 and 0545, I had thought you were model prisoners, but it seems I’ll need to reconsider!
We found a method that let us undermine our foes without getting our hands dirty.
A means of manipulating them for our victory.
We may be stark naked, but the situation clothes us.
W-Wait, what do you mean? We’re wearing our own—
Freeze! You do not move when an officer is speaking to you!
That’s an ironclad rule of Tulip Prison.
You can’t even turn to face a guard when it’s time to rhetorically defend yourself.
Commander Ohtabe, restrain the whole gang of them! They are suspected of conducting a group loophole bang!
Nn!
Oww! Urgghhhh!
H-Hey, w-wait!
I’m telling you, you’ve got the wrong idea!
What wrong idea is there to have?! Do you mean to tell me they forced the clothes on you? You, with scissors in hand?!
The goal was to make an obvious situation, one that no one could doubt.
We succeeded.
I can’t believe you would involve yourself in this nonsense, Kushimori. Are you simply an S-class pervert like all the rest?!
Huh?! Uwahhh?! B-But I didn’t do anything!
The hell?! Crappymori, you trying to throw us under the bus?!
Y-You have it all wrong! I-It’s not my fault! They threatened me. They made me do it!
Boss, she’s one of us! Hell, she’s the ringleader here! She threatened to hit us with the Crappymori family arts and make us crap our guts out if we didn’t follow her!
They turn on each other. Unsightly.
It feels like a crystallization of humanity’s ugliness, I think to myself.
I was very clear when I said there would be huge punishment the next time we had an indecent exposure incident on our hands!
Wait, you didn’t s—
Silence! No back-talk!
All six of you are going to solitary, effective immediately!
S-Solitary?! Blleecch!
Think about what you’ve done in confinement!
No, please, anywhere but there, please! Ahhhh!
Quiet! You’ll get cum on my ears!
Please, anything but solitary! You gotta have mercy!
Screams of horror fill the room.
I suppose solitary confinement is a terrible place to be.
Not that that matters to us.
It’s over.
How long are you planning on standing around? Get out of the room, now!
We bow our heads and leave the room.
Making sure to pass by their side on the way.
......
How...?! What did you do?!
I’ll let you think about it. All I can say is...
In passing, we execute a little sleight of hand, pulling the false numbers off the fronts of their suits—not that my sewing would have held up anyway.
...farewell, my first love.
We put them away and take our leave.
(END)
They stopped harassing us after that.
I hear only the two ringleaders ended up going to solitary.
The rest of the lackeys were spared the hole after interrogations.
They pushed the blame on each other.
Betraying your friends is never a good thing, but I suppose they were never that close to begin with.
Either way, it’s none of my concern.
Tonight’s dinner is... tonkatsu.
I also stopped getting harassed and attacked by random prisoners.
No one elbows me in line, and I don’t find clumps of hair in my meals anymore.
I actually get meals, too.
What a turnaround, Shuichiro.
Yeah, Amatsu. Yeah.
Ran Hanamaru... or, rather, Rin, was right.
Ultimately, the problem was me being looked down on.
Knocking down Hanamaru’s gang a peg or three won me valuable status.
I love tonkatsu. Almost as much as sashimi.
I run my eyes over a piece of paper.
It’s a tall piece, a bit more so than standard. The month’s schedule is written on it.
In Tulip Prison, sometimes famous people will make conciliatory visits on Sundays.
I’ve never seen one, but the visits bring all sorts of events in the gym. Live music, lectures, comedy shows, the works.
Famous performers are said to come visit even though they don’t get paid.
The reason is unclear, but I have heard people float the idea that the yakuza have been paying them out.
If you ask me, the guards here are yakuza enough.
I guess that goes to show how tight organized crime and prisons are.
Hm... Nothing today.
At the very least, I’m not going to see any events this month.
I decide, then, to take the day to relax.
How peaceful.
It sure is, Shuichiro.
It’s been a while since I’ve had a day off where no one is trying to hurt me.
I can walk about as I please without getting punched, and no one is trying to sink me with a Perv Attack.
Hanamaru’s gang is off my back, but... the fundamental problem remains.
The question of how to survive in this prison.
Yeah...
Tulip Prison is still packed with danger.
People will be kind one day and cruel the next. I can never know when someone will try to take advantage of me.
The prison is, unfortunately, a sicko-eat-sicko world.
I don’t know who to trust or who to watch out for.
I need to become a better judge of character.
You’re Number 0720, right?
I turn around to see an inmate behind me. A man.
He looks to be in his thirties and wears a pleasant, sociable smile.
I need you for something, pal. Think you can come with me?
Why?
You’ll come with me if you don’t want to be missing a dick. We clear?
His tone is gentle, but his aura allows no dissent.
He doesn’t wait for my reply to start walking. I go with him.
The inmate walks bold and upright like he owns the place.
I worry if he’ll draw attention from the guards walking like that.
We pass by one on the way.
Hmph.
The busty guard simply scoffs, however, and does nothing further.
We come to a building I’ve never been in before.
I don’t know what people do here, but all of the doors along the hall remind me of classrooms.
We stop at a corner, and the man finally turns to face me.
She’s waiting inside. You know what happens if you run, right?
He goes into the room.
Then, a girl takes his place, passing me by.
You?
I haven’t seen her since the thing at the laundry room.
After the confrontation, she was seen as possibly having a hand in the stripping affair and immediately sent to another workstation.
We aren’t exactly friends, so we did not share goodbyes.
What are you doing here?
The lunch lady told me if I didn’t come here, my nipples would have hell to pay. You?
A man I’ve never met before threatened my cock, so I followed him here. I’ve never been.
It looks like she doesn’t know why she was called here, either.
Come in.
A low voice comes from the back of the room.
It’s pitch black inside.
Someone sure knows how to set a mood.
Where... are we?
This here’s the recreation room. Even a prisoner can borrow it with the proper paperwork.
Not that your average inmate would get the OK.
That’s why this here room’s our territory, y’see. Our base.
The lights go on.
A group of harsh-faced characters are standing before us.
They’re all staring daggers at us.
A slender girl is sitting in the middle of the group.
An apology for having to drag you out here.
I can tell with just a glance.
She may be the youngest among them, but she’s clearly in charge.
Her presence dominates the room.
Was it you who painted a fun little picture that got one of our boys thrown in solitary, kid?
It feels like the temperature in the room drops when she speaks.
You are?
The fuck you think you are, pencilneck?! Want me to beat some manners into your fucking mouth, punk?!
The kindly man screams at me, vein popping out of his head and all.
The girl stops him and gives me a faint smile.
The name’s Taeka Hatae, chair of the Japanese Chivalrous Union Kyushu Branch and chief of the Hatae Clan.
The Hatae Clan.
I do remember that Ozawa guy saying that was the yakuza gang he was part of.
It looks like she’s their leader.
The chief?
That’s right. The Chief.
Damn. I didn’t know yakuza bosses existed in real life.
Even more impressive, she doesn’t look that much older than me.
She’s just like...
......
No good examples come to mind.
But it does feel like something out of a comic book.
Don’t believe me?
No, you have the air about you.
Show some respect!
Big sorry, bro.
Are you fucking with us?!
Let it go, let it go. I’m used to the surprise. Anyway, let’s hear your names.
Exhibitiman.
Drone Girl.
Hah. Real cute, punks.
Come on, we’re human, Let’s act like it. Tell me the names your parents gave you.
It is customary in the prison to refer to each other by nickname.
It doesn’t look like the Chief cares about that too much.
Shuichiro Minato.
Noah Kurebayashi.
Good names. Treasure ’em.
Let’s get down to it, then. The reason I called you here.
You might’ve had your reasons, sure, but you brought down a member of my family. I let you slide and all of our reputation takes a hit.
I’m going to need you to give us proper compensation.
Compensation?
Yakuza punishment. You know how it goes.
Pinky cutting. Think both of you could leave a finger here?
She holds out her pinky finger and motions it towards the ground.
A gesture to cut off our fingers.
It’s not like I’m asking you to chop off your manhood. You’d rather lose a little finger, right?
That would be dicky cutting, not pinky cutting.
......
Right?
......
They came for us first. We just—
What, getting’ cold feet? Gettin’ too scared to man up and take responsibility?!
You take a shit, you wipe your own ass! That’s how it goes! Am I wrong?!
But...
You think this is some kinda game, kid?! You want me to knock you on your ass?!
Quit yer pussyfootin’ babblin’ and get fuckin’ goin’! Don’t know how it’s done?! Want me to chop it off for you?!
Harsh yells and insults come my way.
The shouts crash so loudly onto my ears it feels like my eardrums will go numb.
Silence, all of you!
Her voice is on a different level.
I feel it ringing in my feet.
Injuring us is just going to bring trouble back for you. You’ll end up with a hiked-up score.
Oh? Why would that matter?
Do you think anyone here would care about that? A few measly years added to our sentence?
To paraphrase an esteemed elder... it’s a yakuza’s
This is more intimidating than the police interrogation.
It feels like I can say nothing back.
They show no sign of wanting to listen to me explain my reason.
......
I’m sure you’ve got your reasons, your things to say. I’m real sorry, but this is just how the yakuza work.
The Chief pulls a blade out. It looks like a kitchen knife.
She sticks it into the tatami below.
And this is what it means to throw hands with us.
Wait, but—
Quit your yapping and make your peace!
Her shout all but shakes the room.
I’m bearing my family crest and business, child! This ain’t some schoolyard game!
My face freezes. I can barely move.
You’re part of no clan, no family, and you put one of our boys underground! You really think we can just let this insult slide?!
The men flanking me grab my arms and slam me to the ground.
One forces me to hold out my left arm to the Chief like I’m a puppet.
If you can’t scrape up your goddamn courage, I’ll hack it off myself!
She snatches the blade up from the floor where it was stuck.
If you call yourself a man, bite your lip and chop your finger like one!
I’m going to lose my left pinky.
People don’t think much of the pinky, but I’ve heard it’s surprisingly important to your hand.
I’m probably going to have a hard time holding cups from now on.
Well. I suppose I could lose a finger.
Excuse me?
But that’s my limit.
Tough guy act when you’re staring down the knife? I almost want to give it to you for that moxie.
That was all I’m willing to give.
If all I’m losing is my pinky, well, that’s not much harm.
Let’s... hear your reason.
It doesn’t affect my exhibitionism much.
......
But I want you to forgive her.
Why?
It’s obvious, right?
You need your fingers to take creepshots.
I can still take my clothes off missing a finger.
I can make this necessary sacrifice.
This is on my pride. I will have no regrets.
Quietly steeling myself, I close my eyes.
......
Yet the knife shows no sign of coming down.
I open my eyes to see the Chief trembling ever so slightly.
Gh...
Then, a deep breath of exhausted endurance.
Bwahahahaha!
A roar of laughter erupts in the room.
The men holding me down are, quite literally, rolling on the floor laughing.
Dahahaha! Can’t believe you weren’t shakin’ in your boots before a genuine yakuza threat!
Heh! Running into such entertaining youths today wasn’t on my bingo card.
And your whole reason was exhibitionism? Ahaha... Bwahaha!
You really cut it close, huh? Pff... All right, someone get that filthy blade back to the kitchen! Heheheh...
The tense atmosphere immediately loosens up.
I don’t have a particular reason for it, but it does not feel like I’m being mocked.
Hm......?
......
It looks like we’re the only ones with no idea what’s going on.
You’re not cutting off my finger?
Hah! Dear, why would we? We can’t just go chopping off fingers of people not in any clan—the other families wouldn’t let us hear the end of it!
Indeed. To do that would be to fall to the level of the common street thug, to cast aside our honor.
You got some real balls o’ steel to not piss yourself with us dukin’ up over you, I tell you what!
But what about what I did to the Mad Dog of Hatae...?
Oh, you mean the Dirt Dog? He hustles like hell and he’s scrappy in the outfield, but his batting average is shit.
He’s a bit of a bungler. He attempted to put the moves on a minor, but when she fled, he reached out and accidentally tore her clothes, which somehow got puffed up into a rape charge.
Tch, can’t believe he went and got himself sent to the slammer before the big yakuza baseball tournament. A real piece of work, that kid.
This is a bit different from his version of events, I think to myself.
In any case, it looks like I won’t be losing my pinky today.
Heheh. Anyway, I just called you two here to give you a warning.
We lead the yakuza in this prison, but there’s a bunch of other organizations writhing around out there.
And some of them don’t give half a shit about honor. That’s why I wanted to tell you to think twice before picking a fight with a tattooed gangster, but... pfff, heheh...!
She laughs from the bottom of her heart as though it’s been years since she’s smiled.
What she’s saying, though, is that she called us here for our benefit.
I have a question. Why did you decide to warn two completely unrelated shmucks like us? That makes no sense to me.
Because it seems more rational to simply take this as a threat.
That’s because I’m something of a mediator for the prisoners, little miss.
Mediator?
Me and mine keep watch to make sure you inmates don’t cause problems, and we step in to negotiate when things get hairy. Sometimes we do cleanup like we’re doing now.
It’s other inmates who suffer when inmates cause problems. When the guards put the clamp down on us more, it’s usually after some sort of big trouble.
Which makes things tougher for our esteemed officers... and makes ’em more on edge.
As a rule of thumb, when prisoners are arguing, they’ve got to punish both sides. When they need to figure out who’s at fault, they open an investigation, and that takes time.
Which means if we moderate ourselves, the guards have an easier time. If the guards have an easier time, they keep a looser watch over us. Win-win, easy.
That’s where we come in: we keep a tight grip on problem inmates to keep conflicts to a minimum, so everything stays pretty much peaceful-like.
I remember my time on the way here.
The guard I passed by had nothing bad to say to the mediator I was with.
It looks like the guards have left educating newer prisoners to these mediators, then.
Each ward has a mediator, a representative for the inmates that live there.
So who’s the mediator for the mediators? You’re lookin’ at her, kid.
As a bonus, prison management lets them control the recreation room.
In other words, Chief Taeka Hatae is one of the freest prisoners in all of Tulip Prison.
I figure that’s why she’s allowed to wear her jacket on a Sunday.
Pretty impressive, honestly.
Say, who’s the mediator of the Obscenity Ward?
I think her name was... Crappymori or something?
Okay, maybe they aren’t all that impressive.
Heheh, ah, yes, the lady who wins her position through single-minded obsession with brown-nosing the guards. An impressive effort.
Which basically means the Obscenity Ward doesn’t have a mediator. When there’s interward conflict, the mediators of both are supposed to step in and talk it out.
They’re right. She really is useless.
So, what are you two in for?
Sicko tiering time?
You got a real mouth on you, kid. We don’t give a damn how degenerate you are—there’s better things to have contests over.
What a prison where the yakuza are the most reasonable.
Four years for nonconsensual filming.
And you, kid?
Exhibitionism.
Sentence length?
Ten years.
Ten years?
Wait, ten years for exhibitionism?
Yeah.
Four years for creepshots is pretty long, but... there’s no way someone’d get ten full years for indecent exposure.
Yet that is all I did.
The yakuza behind her exchange looks.
They seem utterly baffled at the situation.
Ahahahaha!
Yet the Chief and only the Chief bursts out laughing.
I see, I see! That’s all you’re admitting to, huh?
She has good instincts.
I don’t think exhibitionism is a crime, either.
Heheheh... Don’t see a type like you every day. You know what, I like you!
If you’ve got beef with someone, come talk it over with me. If you’re in the right, I’ll help you out.
I need to become a better judge of character.
As I am now, I can’t quite read people.
There’s something I’d like to ask, then.
So I decide to up and ask.
What?
What crime got you in here?
The room immediately grows tense again.
Yet the Chief repays me with a confident grin.
We’re all innocent here. Isn’t that right?
We’re released a few minutes later.
Immediately returned to our normal lives in the joint.
Everything that happened in the recreation room almost feels like a dream.
I can’t believe yakuzas really exist.
For real.
We keep on the path towards the yard.
I’m planning on continuing my walk, but I don’t know what Kurebayashi has in mind.
If we part ways here, we probably won’t have many more chances to talk.
Thanks for helping with the Hanamaru thing.
It’s fine. Our interests were just al—
Now I can finally write a letter to that poor woman.
I can say... ‘Big sorry, bro, that your dog’s name is now Penis.’
......
I still don’t know how to get my hands on letter paper and the like, but...
...I’m going to write her a letter, no matter what.
As many as it takes until she reads one.
Big sorry, br—?
She starts saying something, but pauses.
I bow my head a little and start leaving.
Hey. You.
She stops me.
You didn’t give me a satisfactory answer back then.
Why did you help me?
She must be talking about the phone center.
I remember that she’d asked me this before.
I told her it was like a compulsion, something out of pride, but it seems she didn’t like that answer.
Is that part of your way of atoning for that woman you spooked?
I wouldn’t exactly say that.
Then, why?
I just didn’t think anyone could be allowed to take away your expression.
She blinks. Twice.
They mocked you, sure. That wasn’t really any of my concern.
But they mocked the very act of taking a creepshot.
They compared it to other perverse acts and put it on one of the bottom rungs.
That, I could not abide.
It’s like how I can’t let anyone mock my act of stripping.
Why are you trying so hard to protect your fetish?
Because it’s important self-expression to me.
Exhibitionism is how I prove that I am myself.
I don’t know any other way of proving that I am here.
Humans have done much to show their own existence through the ages. They’ve left poems, written songs, drawn pictures, and far more.
As for me, I take off my clothes.
If the act of filming others in the throes of intimacy is artistic expression to you, then no one should be allowed to mock it.
That’s why I thought it would be right to fight.
She blinks twice again.
I figure this is what she does when completely stunned.
Was I... wrong?
Tragically wrong enough to make my blood boil, but...
She lets out a sigh and crosses her arms.
...it is true that it helped me achieve my goal.
As for what she means by goal, well...
...I have no idea.
I’d rather bite my tongue than say it, but I owe you one now.
Yeah?
I do not like owing people favors. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say I really, really hate it.
Really, really hate it?
Yeah. So, if you need anything...
...I’ll work with you again. Just once.
With that, Kurebayashi leaves in silence.
(END)
I’ve been ordered to work in the leather room from now on.
No particular reason, they said, other than deeming it appropriate for my strengths.
This seems to happen in the prison with some inmates changing workstations virtually every month.
I’ve never been in the leather room before, so it has a unique scent to me.
The smell of what I assume to be dye tickles my nose.
Since leatherworking is done in pairs, I’m to meet my partner-to-be.
Uh?
Uh.
Looks like my partner is Ozawa, the infamous Dirt Dog of Hatae.
You’re out of the hole?
Nn? Yeah, more or less. Tch, you’re the last person I wanted to see on my first day in the sun.
Ozawa clicks his tongue before smirking.
What happened to your boss, Hanamaru?
Hell if I know. She’s probably brown-nosing some guard somewhere.
Weren’t you pals?
She sold me up the goddamn river. Put all the blame on me and disappeared.
I got made out to be the ringleader. They stuck me in solitary for a goddamn week, man... Geez.
He glares at nothing with resentful eyes.
I haven’t seen her in the cafeteria for the past few days. Where did she disappear off to?
Having a nice little conversation, are we? Well, if you don’t want to have your scores hiked up for Inappropriate Conversation, how about you tighten up those assholes and get to work? Okay?!
O-Oh, right, definitely, eheheh.
Hey, 0720.
Shuichiro Minato. Exhibitiman.
Like I care. Look, don’t think your ass is in the clear.
Sure.
I’m not gonna forgive you as long as I live. When the sun’s down and the lights are out, you’d better watch your back. Heheheh...
Got it.
Hey, hey, hey! The hell do you think you’re doing?
Ozawa leaps in front of me and turns off the switch.
That was swift.
Why the hell were you trying to roll the drum? Do you have any idea what you’re doing?!
This is... my first day here.
That ain’t nothing to sound so proud about!
He ruffles the back of his head and lets out an irritated sigh.
Listen, what we do here is tan hide to make it into leather, then into product.
This drum’s a machine where we put in the hide and tan it for a day. You’re not supposed to get it going when there’s nothin’ inside!
I see. And this?
That’s the goddamn press!
It’s for sticking chemicals and colors and stuff onto the leather, and it can flatten your fingers if you’re dumb enough to get your hand in there! Stay away from it!
Then this can’s safe, right?
That spray’ll fuck up your eyes, so don’t touch it without a mask on!
He snatches up the spray can from my hands and starts panting hard.
You’re pretty smart about this place.
I’m not smart, you’re just a dumbass! Touching everything in sight—you a kindergartener or something?!
My sister told me everything is trial and error.
Doesn’t sound like she taught you right!
Well, I think she did.
God... Why do I gotta be partners with this bald dumbass...? ’Kay, here... goes!
He hoists up a big pile of leather.
It looks heavy, so I decide to help.
Request sheet collection time, my pathetic perverts! Hand them over and get back to work!
A man clad in prisoner garb with a sensitive-looking face approaches from the back of the room.
I recognize him as one of the Chief’s guys from the recreation room.
Ah, Ozawa. Out of solitary already?
Ah, Shimonuma! Yep, I’m out, eheh.
It was unseemly of you to bully the rookie. As the great Obscenity Ward philosopher Fappenhauer said, ‘To scold another’s conduct is as foolish as to scold one’s member for swelling in the morning.’
Ozawa bows his head to Shimonuma a few times.
Then, he pulls out a piece of paper from his pocket and hands it to him.
Hey, where’s yours?
What’s that?
What? You tellin’ me you don’t know what a request sheet is?
First I’ve heard of one.
All right, there’s this... Paper, right? You fill in the amount of stuff you want and turn ’em in once a month.
Oh. Huh.
Looks like you can order pencils and notebooks and the like.
You know, I always found it weird that I was the only one who had to return his pencils.
Wait, are you like... terminally stupid? Or are you just fucking with me?
I listened to the explanation I was given when I got committed. I’m pretty confident in my memory.
Sounds like your ward captain didn’t explain, then. This is normally the sort of thing the more experienced friends you make in prison tell you.
I don’t have any friends to begin with, and the prison took all my money.
That money just goes into your account with your pay. You got fuxx, right?
Fuxx?
You really don’t know shit, do you?
Could you keep it down over there, you three?! If you don’t want another vacation in solitary, hurry up with those request sheets, okay?!
Ah, so sorry about that, eheheh... Hey!
He elbows me as he apologizes to the guard.
When I bow my head as well, the guard clicks her tongue before turning away.
Listen up. The money they stripped from you when you came in? That’s in your account. The money you make at work, that’s your pay.
Yet to be able to use material wealth freely would be to bring the hierarchy of the outside world into the prison, untouched.
To avoid such stark inequality, we inmates are only allowed the use of a special currency, ‘fuxx,’ you see. Heheh.
Apparently, we get a prison-exclusive currency as a bonus on top of our pay.
Stuff you’d get for free in another prison, you gotta buy with fuxx. You can buy stuff made on prison grounds with it, too.
The other inmates use that currency to buy what they want.
Gosh. I had no idea.
I wasn’t really interested, so I probably let it slip my mind.
And you’re the guy that outfoxed me?
That’s just how I am.
His shoulders droop in visible sadness.
I feel really bad for the guy.
However, the humble fuxx is now a shell of its former self. They simply pile up, unable to purchase anything of value. Why, at present, they’re hardly more than glorified toilet paper.
In my days on a tuna boat, a man with a nasty tuna allergy imparted some wisdom. He said that life is a sea, and money is one’s captain. One cannot brave the waters with no captain.
How the hell have you not drowned by now? You can’t even buy a pair of tighty-whities without a few fuxx!
I’ve been going commando lately.
Eww.
Whose fault do you think that is?
Oh. Uh. Right.
You know, come to think of it, I think I had a piece of paper somewhere.
Hold on, man, there’s different kinds of paper out there!
I want a letter, so let me request one.
You send a request sheet without the prison’s stamp, and you’re getting a guard baton up your ass!
Really?
So there’s a stamp to get that shows a document is official. Good to know.
Look, I happen to have an extra one, so pencil in what you want and give it to the guard. Dumbass.
Though exasperated, he lets me write on his extra.
Man, I’m kinda scared at the thought of you left to your own devices.
I had thought Ozawa a pure villain, but he looks like more the caretaker type.
......
Ozawa.
The hell? I’m the older one here, how about a Mr. Ozawa?
I’ve made my first friend since coming to prison.
Tulip Prison has two breaks per day, and neither of them is even a full hour long.
I, for one, never much looked forward to the little respite given us sinners.
There was simply not much to do other than wander around the yard.
Now, though, I have someone to hang out with.
Ozawa.
I said Mr. Ozawa! And quit following me around!
I’ve been on the move with Ozawa ever since.
Remember, we don’t call people by names in prison! I got a better name to go by: the Mad Dog of—
I thought it was Dirt Dog.
They told you?!
He clicks his tongue and gives me a suspicious glance.
The hell are you grinning about?
We’re friends.
Friends? What’re you getting excited over the slightest attention for? Don’t tell me you’ve never had a friend before.
I have... not.
That ain’t something to announce like you won the goddamn lottery, shrimp!
That hurts. A lot.
He’s pushing down on the top of my head.
Ozawa is quite a bit taller than me.
Many people have hated me for my fetish.
So I’m glad to find someone to speak with.
Tch! Fine, fine, FINE! You’re with me, dumbass!
After ruffling his hair, he drops his arm into a beckoning gesture.
When we get to the yard, Ozawa keeps on walking.
We go past the tall guard dorm and even further in.
I’ve never been here before.
Where are we going?
Just follow me, all right?
Going to beat me up in a back alley again?
No, man. Listen, I’ve said this before, but no matter what you think, you can’t survive in prison on your own.
I can’t take care of a moron like you by myself, so I’m gonna have the prison elder show you the ropes.
There’s an iron bar set up on the edge of the yard.
......
A short, pale girl is doing pull-ups there.
Or, rather, just hanging off of the bar.
......?
We pass her by and make it to the edge of the yard.
There’s a small crowd under a thin tree there.
The man in the middle gives a small hand gesture, and those around him quietly disperse.
Mr. Kugitani, there’s a rookie I’d like you to meet, eheh.
The man stands up, supporting himself with the tree he’d been leaning on.
He has something rare among people in the prison: long hair.
It’s tied up on the back of his head, and his mouth and chin are dotted with an unshaven beard.
He looks far older than Ozawa or me, like he’s in his 40s.
Oh? That so? The name’s Joji Kugitani. Just a calculator like you’d find anywhere.
A calculator?
Someone who calculates prison expenses and stuff. It’s a real popular post, and you can’t do it unless you’re really smart and really trusted by the guards.
You certainly can’t do it if you’re too busy bullying the new blood. Not even if you’ve got a good heart deep down.
Eheheh. You really know how to drive a stake through the heart with a joke, Mr. Kugitani...
The man has a friendly smile and a strange air about him.
He’s a touch different from the chief of the Hatae Clan.
He has that air about him that only those who can do something special have.
You seem pretty well-to-do, from a good family. Do I have that right?
Well-to-do?
Or perhaps you’re more the diligent type. There’s a greeting we have here in the prison, and not knowing it will get you on people’s bad sides.
He beckons me over.
Ozawa tells me to go with his eyes.
First you each make a fist, then knock them together. One drops down, the other goes up, then reverse. The higher-status prisoner starts at the top, and the lower-status one goes under.
Then, you slap each other’s palms and clap the backs of your hands together on the backswing.
Lastly, you grip hands and bump shoulders. That’s the greeting.
I try it.
I start from the lower position, and he, the older man, starts higher.
What do you think?
A fun greeting. I like it.
Hahaha, you like it, huh? Glad to hear it. If there’s any newbies you’re close to, teach it to them. If you’ve got anyone in mind.
Ozawa.
Hn? Wait, why the hell are you on top? You’re younger, dumbass, go lower!
Now I won’t end up fighting with the other prisoners, I think.
I wouldn’t say I’m close to Kurebayashi, but I have to wonder if she knows this secret handshake.
After all, if this is all it takes to avoid needless conflict, I should let her know.
So, are you the big deal in town? The new kid who knocked out the gang that came after you and muscled your way into Hatae Clan territory?
I think you have the wrong information. I was simply defending myself.
That so? Sounds like I have to quit my job as info broker, then.
I ask Ozawa what an “info broker” is with my eyes.
Lots of news and stuff finds its way to Mr. Kugitani, and he’ll pass on choice information for a price.
People call him the Prison Encyclopedia. Anything people don’t understand, they shell out and have him tell ’em.
That’s not all I sell. Take a look.
He lights a cigarette with a match. I don’t know where he pulled it from.
For fuxx?
’Course not. I deal in cash only. Prison’s just like the outside—can’t get what you want without money.
Before I know it, he has the cigarette in his mouth and lit. I feel like I’ve been shown a magic trick.
I’m addicted to this stuff, see. Don’t think I can quit ’til the grave takes me.
The guards’ll yell at you if they find out.
I appreciate the warning, but this is a perfect blindspot to the guard dorm. Do you see any guards running our way? No?
The smoke climbs up high, wraps around the tree leaves, and disappears.
The smoke at his mouth also seems to be right in the shadow of the girl doing pullups and rendered hidden.
He continues to puff up smoke, looking like he’s having the time of his life.
Here. A token of our meeting—I’ll give you one, free of charge.
I don’t smoke. That would make my sister cry.
I knew you were the diligent type. A square, even.
It would have an effect on her job too, but I don’t say that.
Let me give you a gift of information, then. What do you want to know about the prison?
I want you to tell me who I need to watch out for.
After what I’ve been through, well...
...I know well enough how valuable information is in Tulip Prison.
Heh, didn’t expect that. Normally folks ask for ways to get out faster or slick tricks to make life inside easier.
I’m not particularly wanting. I have a friend, too.
Don’t you drag me into this.
After a subtle smile, he drops his cigarette ash to the ground.
If you want to keep your life quiet, the answer’s simple. You want to watch out for the deputy warden in charge of your cell ward.
You’re from the Obscenity Ward, so she’s...
Captain Sofiya Shikolenko.
The blonde correctional officer who always has bags under her eyes.
Sofurin, huh? She’s one of the more reasonable captains, really. Won’t have her eyes on you unless you really screw the pooch.
And what if I get on her bad side?
A captain has the authority to more or less decide your fate. Live, die—she snaps her fingers and it happens.
He holds his cigarette up vertically next to his finger.
She’s the most puritanical of the bunch, though, with a hatred of anything perverse. You’re going to want to go easy on the loophole bangs, and anything too far off the straight and narrow.
Well, I don’t need to worry about that. I don’t do loophole bangs and am very normal.
You’re already sounding insane.
Hahaha, glad to hear that. She’s a bit stiff, see. Thinks flexibility is a nonsense myth and tries to bend everything to the book.
In any case, you’ve got to watch out for the deputy wardens. All of them.
Captain Hazuki Yugao of the Serious Offences Ward’s got no ear for excuses and will use everything at her disposal to punish inmates. Can’t buy her off, either.
The one you want to look out for the most, though—and this is just my personal opinion—would be Captain Julia Agatsuma.
I’ve never met either of them.
Ideally, you’d keep it that way. Captain Agatsuma, though... I’ve been here for a long, long time, and even I can’t fully get a handle on her. You’ll want to watch out.
He rubs out his smoke, and a gentle smile comes across his face.
......
He really does have an appealing air about him.
Yet, much like the Chief, I’m not sure if I can truly trust him.
There’s another thing I’d like to ask.
Hey, don’t overstay your welcome!
Sure, my treat. What do you want to know?
How do I know who I can trust?
I decide to ask the man himself.
I see his slightly yellowed teeth as he looks up to the sky.
There’s a really easy answer to that. Simple stuff.
Simple?
Trust people you wouldn’t mind being lied to by.
Because then, you’re fine either way. Right?
And sometimes, he continues, that trust gets repaid.
His words are philosophical and difficult for me to grasp.
I do want to understand them, though.
Truth be told, I’ve been curious about you for a good while now.
I’ve never met an adult like this before, I feel.
Someone who made me feel I wanted to be like this with age.
But you had to come over here before we could have a good chat like this.
His trustworthiness aside.
Either way, I take a page from Ozawa’s book and decide to call him Mr. Kugitani.
All right, enough with the philosophy. Let’s talk business. Anything you want?
A dirty magazine.
And risk my business by dealing in contraband?
......!
The hell’s that look for?
(END)
Afterwards, I parted ways with them and ate dinner.
Then, I came back to my new home—my cell.
Mr. Kugitani... He really had a cool aura to him.
Not a type we’ve met before, huh, Shuichiro?
I wonder, however, just how much he can do as a dealer in goods.
He has an air of supreme competence around him, but the details remain a mystery.
Wondering if he’ll be able to get his hands on that thing you asked for?
I feel like that’ll tell me a lot.
Announcements come around at eight o’clock every night.
The guards tell us tomorrow’s plans, and those with regular counseling form lines and march to the medical ward.
Those with free time are ordered to write in their journals.
I’m also curious about something the guard mentioned a while ago.
It seems religious services are sometimes held in the chapel at night.
They use religion here to help inmates face their guilt and rehabilitate.
If one asks, they can be tended to by monks or pastors.
It isn’t mandatory, and the ceremonies are only held once every two weeks.
Since there happens to be a service tonight, I ask to attend.
I’m curious about how the religious think.
The line stops somewhere, and we start heading into a building from the head of the line.
I’m at the back of the line.
......
There’s a vertical banner with some writing at the entrance.
I might be able to understand what it means if I sit in for the sermon.
The interior of the building is decorated like a church.
It’s a slender, narrow room with pews arranged with equal spaces between them.
Bibles are on the desk boards behind the pews, one for each expected worshipper.
I sit down and look forward to see a grand stage and podium.
The only thing this place is missing from the image I have of churches in my mind is the stained glass.
There’s no light pouring in, so the room itself is dim.
It looks like today’s service is Christian.
I didn’t put any thought into my request to attend, so I had no idea.
Welcome, my wonderful, dear lost little lambs...
A woman quietly takes to the aisle from behind the podium.
In her hand is a Bible and on her face is a reassuring smile.
I do believe we have some new sheep in the flock, so allow me to introduce myself. My name is Julia Agatsuma, the deputy warden of the Sex Crimes Ward.
Yet in this hall I am but a lamb as lost as any of you. Please, do call me Sister Julia.
The chaplain has a very audible voice.
The Agatsuma family is one traditionally sworn to the Lord, and I have been baptized like those before me.
Before, I had been but a humble guard here in Tulip Prison. Yet as I walked among the suffering sinners, seeing the weight of guilt on your minds, I felt the depth of your sadness.
I decided then to suffer with you, to enter a dialogue towards your rehabilitation. I took up the mantle of resident chaplain, bringing the word of the Lord to the lost.
She sounds like she’s whispering, yet I can hear her so clearly from the back.
So I ask of you—while you are here, listen to the word not as a criminal, but as another lost sheep in search of freedom.
Her gentle tone misses the haughty, imposing air most guards here have.
I find myself naturally wanting to listen to what she has to say.
Now, then. I hear there has been a rather untoward trend bringing down the morals of our establishment, one regarding the ‘loophole bang.’
But this is something to be avoided if one wishes to cleanse one’s heart. The Lord would not approve, either.
The standards for what counts as a loophole bang are going to get stricter before long, so do take care.
What she actually says is shallow and rings hollow, yet I cannot help but listen.
The congregation nods and mumbles in agreement.
And thus spoke the Lord: All with the sword of flesh will fall to the meatful sheath. Semenicus 45:19.
I nod too.
I’m sure that’s what the Bible is like, and I don’t know enough to say otherwise.
This is the person Mr. Kugitani told me to be most careful around.
May we discipline and control ourselves, loving even our fiendish lusts. Let us come together in holy communi—
Cum together!
Oh...?
In holy cummunion!
I test her.
I want to see how dangerous this clergywoman is.
Ahaha. Communion, my dear.
Captain Agatsuma peers at me with a giggle.
An easy pitfall for new believers in this place. Communion is a sacred ritual of communing with the divine, not one of shared plowing and cumming and backblowing in orgiastic, heavenly bliss.
Little chuckles pop up around me.
Haha. If you slip up again, I’m afraid I’ll have to punish you as my position dictates, so do be careful.
Disappointing, really.
She didn’t get mad at my dirty talk, nor did she lay down punishments. She simply closes the Bible with a smile.
And thus concludes today’s sermon. My dear flock, go with God.
She is strange, but she doesn’t seem as dangerous as Mr. Kugitani suggested.
Nine o’clock at night. Bedtime.
I can’t take a step outside my cell from now until morning.
Little makes me realize more that I am a criminal.
It feels more like prisoner time than bedtime, really.
Haha, a good insight, Shuichiro.
I’m good with gags, Amatsu.
Indeed. You’ve always been a master of comedy.
That’s overselling it.
My conversation with Amatsu really eases my heart.
Just talking to him makes me feel like I’m back at home.
I’ve always been used to pitch-black rooms, so I’m not terribly uncomfortable here.
Though I’d be able to relax more if I had a cola and were allowed to rub one or two out.
Loophole bangs, huh...?
I think back to how much grief I’ve been getting from a concept I barely even understand.
Since enforcement is going to get tighter, I’ll probably have to be even more on my guard.
Interested in them?
Not me, Amatsu.
I close my eyes and put my hands behind my head.
But you’re young, Shuichiro. To be forbidden masturbation for years...
Still, I’ve made my decision.
I took my vow of hand-celibacy my first day here.
I will not ejaculate of my own will until I’m out.
Ejaculating is, indeed, pleasurable and appealing.
I don’t know anything better.
But if I get caught, I’ll have to suffer horrific punishment.
I can stand getting punished, but I could not stand to sacrifice my dear friend.
Shuichiro...
Yet I can’t strip myself in this facility.
I am denied my exhibitionism.
To me, exhibitionism is artistic exposure.
The only way I can express myself.
That which lets me prove that I am here.
......
Now, my means for that are gone.
In Tulip Prison, I have no way of expressing myself.
It feels like my sense of presence is slowly fading away.
I will become mist filling the room.
My vapors will melt into the air, and I will vanish.
If I cannot strip myself...
How am I supposed to express myself?
Hey. Who are you talking to?
The light goes on.
What are you doing h—
I’ve had my eye on you for a long time! You think I’d buy one side getting blown out out of nowhere in a prison squabble? I thought you were suspicious, and here we are!
She grabs me by the collar and holds me up.
She’s taller than me, and my feet leave the ground.
Out with it, now! Who were you talking to just now? Don’t lie to me!
I can’t breathe.
What are you hiding?! A phone or a radio or something?!
I can’t even speak.
Or were you hearing the wind from the surface as sex moans and getting excited? Answer me, you piece of shit!
She slams me against the wall, and I slump to the floor.
Agh! Nnn...
If I don’t say anything, I’m going to die.
My intuition screams in warning.
Captain Shikolenko hates loophole bangs from the bottom of her heart.
Hngh...
I force the name out in resignation.
I really didn’t want to say it.
A...ma...tsu...
I really didn’t want to reveal who he was.
Amatsu? Who’s that supposed to be, some god of yours?
I strip off my clothes.
This...
I slowly stand up.
And out pops...
Huh?
...is Amatsu.
...my fully erect cock.
This is Amatsu.
Her surprise is understandable.
I didn’t believe it at first, myself.
A talking penis, I thought. Impossible.
It had to be a hallucination.
But when I was much younger and masturbated for the first time, I realized I’d been wrong.
Shuichiro, you shouldn’t fold the foreskin back that much. It might hike up too much in the future.
Ever since then, in the tough times, the sad times, the rough times—he’d always be there with a kind word.
Whenever I found myself in a bind, he would give me just the right advice, like an elder in the field of life.
Before I knew it, we had become irreplaceable friends.
......
He is my only friend.
A comrade in arms who’s been with me through it all.
I see...
She nods, her voice quiet.
Right, right, right. I see, I see. Amatsu, is it.
A penis as a friend. My, what a wonderful pal you have. Heh, right, no one would notice if you smuggled the little guy into prison.
She’s facing downward, and I can’t read her expression.
But I can hear it in her voice.
Not if you’re enough of a sicko to think your own cock’s your best friend!
Gh...!
Clear, pure rage.
Did you honestly think you could pull one over on me with that nonsense?! That I would let this slide if you pretended to be mentally unwell?!
Did you do it knowing how much I hate this kind of thing? I have to hand it to you for your brilliance, then, because I don’t think I’ve ever been this mad!
No, I’m telling the truth!
Your DICK is your FRIEND? Do you honestly think we’d just accept that?! Grow the hell up!
Amatsu can talk!
Like hell that disgusting thing can talk! I’ve had it with your babbling—put that thing away and shut your mouth, now!
Amatsu, please, you’ve got to prove it to her! Show her you’re alive!
Did you not hear me? I told you to put that filthy thing away! Ignore me again and I’m cutting it off!
I can’t do it, Shuichiro. She can’t hear my voice.
No way, she has to hear you!
Don’t talk with your dick in front of me!
Just get closer and listen, I’m begging you!
Get away from me, you sex criminal!
Her scream pierces my ears as I am once again slammed into the wall.
Quivering, Captain Shikolenko slowly raises her face.
You showed off your penis to me, a deputy warden, spoke nonsense, and actually tried to rub it up against me?
Since becoming a captain, I’ve never been mocked so thoroughly.
Rage burns in her pupils.
Don’t think for a second you’re getting away with this!
I can tell that a new era of pain is on its way.
(END)
