The next day.
I’m sorry... for yesterday... I got carried away... I’m sorry.
She’s sinking back into depression.
Time marches on relentlessly, indifferent to people’s feelings.
Illicit gathering. Take him away.
What?! He’s the one who came to me!
Insubordination!
What...?!
Sofurin’s severity is getting worse day by day.
She’s become the topic of every conversation.
Our favorite information broker is on a business trip to the Obscenity Ward.
I’m investigating why Sofurin is acting up. Well, I’ve mostly figured it out.
Kurebayashi stands, immobile, as the others continue doing their own thing.
Things are stagnating, but it feels like time is flying by faster.
I heard that the head of the Obscenity Ward is super intense lately...
We can hear that kind of conversation all the time recently.
Good grief. I wish only body odors would be intense!
I wouldn’t want body odor, either.
That’s weird.
Is it?
Body odor culture is like pop culture in some countries, right? It’s universally appealing!
I guess Pop is getting more avant-garde these days.
What do you think of the captain lately?
I don’t know. I don’t smell anything special.
Is she on her period?
Nah, but hers are messed up, though. Maybe she’s stressed, ’cause both her cycle and scent are all over the place.
Really?
I can tell you about Drone Girl’s, though.
Gross...
The sun sets and rises again.
The day of our escape is approaching.
B-Boss... I collected the books you asked me to.
Ah, thanks.
Hehe, hehehe...
......
Agh...!
Even that suck-up has stopped approaching Sofurin carelessly.
Uh...!
She salutes her...
......
Is it just me, or... has the atmosphere been tense lately?
I don’t think it’s just your imagination. The prisoners are on edge.
It’s pretty clear that Sofurin’s excessive punishments are the cause.
I wonder what she’s thinking.
I don’t know... Apparently, I’ve never understood her...
Kurebayashi seems calmer and more stable now that her period is over.
The hormonal imbalance due to menstruation might have had a significant impact on her.
No signs of “Kurebias” since the infirmary incident either.
What do you think, Minato?
Well, she said she would be quitting soon.
Is that her despair talking?
It doesn’t look like that.
While it may look tumultuous to an outsider, she doesn’t seem to be fueled by anger or frustration.
It looks like she has an objective.
Like what?
She kept saying to think about the victims...
She could be trying to force remorse on them by inflicting those punishments.
Hmm... Doesn’t quite click for me.
What do you think?
I don’t know... No matter how many times I think about it, I don’t understand.
Not that. About your voyeurism.
She seemed to care about it. Did you think about that?
......
Everyone does things that can be called wrong, big or small. It’s not just me.
Looking back, there’s not a single person who doesn’t have something they feel guilty about.
I mean, there could be some in here. Considering most of these guys lack the basic sense of guilt to begin with.
......
The people I filmed probably got peeped at because they’ve done something to deserve it. It’s karma.
Actually, there were quite a few who were engaged in exhibitionism, outdoor intercourse. They’ve got some nerve... criticizing others.
The ones buying those videos are like that too. The same goes for the ones watching leaked content on illegal sites.
It’s pretty easy to find that on the internet. It’s disgusting when those who frequent these same websites point fingers at others, saying sex offenders should be sentenced to death.
There are plenty of people out there who don’t recognize their wrongdoing as such. So, because I’m inside these walls receiving a prison sentence, I’m supposed to reflect? Why?
She takes a deep breath after that long rant.
She did not look at me once during her speech.
That’s how I always felt about it... but maybe I’m wrong.
What do you mean?
At least... in front of my sister, I can’t say things like that anymore.
I can easily imagine what would happen if she did.
Everyone does something wrong eventually, what matters is how wrong it was. The sentence should follow that logic too.
Like a hundred exposures make a sentence a hundred times worse than a single exposure?
Selling voyeur videos is probably worse than exhibitionism.
Her words seem tinged with self-mockery and resignation.
Isn’t escaping from prison even worse?
You’re right. Even if she quits and I escape to meet her... she probably won’t accept me.
I’d have to genuinely reflect on my actions and go through their so-called ‘rehabilitation.’ That would only take me a half-step closer to her... That’s how far she is from me right now.
That’s an accurate representation.
She’s come to understand that much in such a short period.
However, just saying I’ve reflected won’t bring any truth or weight to it.
Perhaps I can only show true repentance by completing my full sentence.
Are you going to serve your full sentence?
Accept my sister’s admonishment, change my ways, and serve out my sentence as penance, then become human again and visit my sister outside these walls...?
Sounds lovely, doesn’t it?
It does sound lovely.
But then...
Well... that’s just if we run out of options. People don’t change that easily. I don’t plan on ditching the ‘patch things up and scram’ plan just yet.
Does she genuinely still believe that such a convenient outcome is possible?
So, you know... you don’t have to worry, Minato.
I’m not worried. I trust you.
......
As the storm’s eve approaches, nothing occurs to bring the sisters together.
(END)
Things were pretty chaotic during the last storm.
I was underground, so I didn’t know, but I heard that its impact was tremendous.
The waves went over the breakwater, and there was nothing to block the wind blasting on the island.
Rumor is, it’s going to be even worse this time.
Everyone ditches their duties to prepare for the upcoming blizzard.
The windows are boarded up outside, and shatterproof film is installed on the inside.
The ditches and drains are thoroughly cleaned up.
Anything that might fly in the storm is moved indoors.
Sleet, accompanied by a cold wind, starts during the day, confirming that a storm is on the way.
As night falls, the temperature drops, and the guards expect it to turn into a snowstorm.
The day ends in the blink of an eye.
Midnight is approaching, and even close to lights-out time, the prisoners seem excited.
Hey, did you see that, Slippy? It started snowing again a while ago!
Really? It would be nice if snow piled up inside too... then we’d have imprints of our shoes. Just like an orgy! Wow, just thinking about it gives me the chills.
I hope the wind and snow destroy the entire facility...
Even if it does, they’ll just make us rebuild it, you stupid fuck!
Yeah, that’s true... huh?
Even a severe storm outside doesn’t change how prisoners are treated.
At lights-out time, everyone is locked in their cells until morning comes.
Everyone, but me.
The storm being here means that it’s time for me to escape.
The gap between Sofurin and Kurebayashi has yet to be filled.
In other words, our original plan won’t work anymore.
Let me tell you about Plan B.
Kurebayashi says...
I’m all ears.
You’re going to escape alone.
And?
That’s it.
Huh?
And you?
I’ll stay.
Here’s what you’re going to do. First, move through the ducts to you-know-where. Soon, a boat will come. And they’ll pick you up.
You can ask about the next steps on the boat. Any questions?
Why are you staying?
I wasn’t expecting that question... You already know the answer, don’t you?
Without Sofurin, there’s no reason for Kurebayashi to leave the prison.
I know that without asking.
Are you really planning to complete your sentence?
If that’s the best way... then I’ll choose that way.
Then why let me escape?
If you come up with another plan later, it would be much easier for you to have me around.
Because I owe you.
You owe me for what?
Countless things... you’ve exceeded expectations, and staying in debt is... against my principles.
So... Minato, please leave this place.
......
Thanks for everything. Really.
She turns on her heels.
Thank you.
She heads to her cell, saying the absolute minimum.
Lights-out! Everyone, back to your cells!
Kurebayashi disappears into the crowd.
......
I get back to my cell.
Soon, my cell will be locked, and the lights will go out.
After that, I can escape.
Finally, I’ll be saying goodbye to this place.
As long as I stay in this prison, I can never escape the absolute control of the guards.
That’s why I wanted to leave, and originally, I had been planning to escape alone.
That long-cherished desire is about to be fulfilled.
An inexplicable melancholy is brewing in my chest.
You don’t look happy, Shuichiro.
Amatsu...
Even though you can finally get out of here...
Yeah...
It doesn’t... feel right.
There are loads of things you want to do once you’re out, right?
Yeah...
I want to make a game.
I want to really express myself through it.
That’s why I must escape.
At least, that was the plan.
Even when I clench my fist like this, I don’t feel the same passion as back then.
Aren’t you just forgetting that passion? It’s been quite some time since you were working on your project.
It’s true... I’ve stepped away from creation.
No, that’s not it.
No matter how much time has passed, the intense passion I once felt shouldn’t easily fade away.
I understand that better than anyone.
I gained something back then that will |never| fade.
What did you gain back then?
My own world.
What did you discover?
A way to express myself.
Who do you want to express it to?
Who?
With whom do you want to express it?
With whom...
I’ve never thought about that.
I’ve always wanted to express myself.
I tried to assert that I exist in this world.
No...
Not to the world or all humanity.
I want to express myself to someone.
I want to express myself alongside someone.
Is that it?
Everything that’s been bothering me suddenly clears out.
I’m connecting the dots.
Now I understand.
What is it that you’re missing?
Kurebayashi.
To me...
She’s essential.
I want Kurebayashi to be there when I express myself.
It has to be her and no one else.
But why?
That can’t be explained with logic or reason. I don’t even feel like looking for an explanation.
I just want to be with Kurebayashi.
I desire that more than escaping.
That’s the bare truth.
There’s no point in escaping if she’s not with me.
It’s the same feeling she has towards her sister.
I finally understand.
My emotion rise even higher, outpacing my understanding.
It’s almost lights-out, but I might still have time to exchange a few words with her.
Half the prisoners are still outside their cells.
I can still make it.
I look for her. I should only need a couple of seconds.
I find her in one second.
I start running...
Something’s off.
Kurebayashi is heading in the opposite direction of her cell.
Reflexively, I take a look towards her destination. As expected, Sofurin’s there.
Is she trying to use her last-chance move?
I suddenly feel an unpleasant premonition.
The words of the Chief come to mind.
Folks plotting mischief usually go for times when things get chaotic...
Not Kurebayashi.
Five meters behind Sofurin...
There’s someone who shouldn’t be there.
......
She’s not from this ward... That’s the girl who aimed for Sofurin on the yard the other day!
She holds something sharp that glows mysteriously under the lights.
She’s going to attack her.
Shouting could hasten her attack, plus I’m too far...
She’s getting ready...
Ah... haa...!
Ngh...!|Ugh...?!
Ngh...!
...?!
Wha—!
The blade pierces through the clothes, tears the skin, and rips through her soft flesh.
Bright red blood is flowing from her side.
She collapses on her knees.
Sofurin is dumbfounded.
Kurebayashi!|Noah?!
Kurebayashi got stabbed.
She noticed that girl earlier than I did.
And used her body to shield Sofurin...
You fucking scum...!
Aargh!
Ngh?!
I give the woman a solid headbutt, catching her off guard from behind.
She slams her head onto the floor as I tightly hold her arms.
How’s Kurebayashi?!
Ugh...! Noah!
What’s going on? A fight?
As she puts her baton away, she finally calls her sister by name.
Hey, someone’s down!
The news of the incident spreads instantly.
What?! Is that blood?!
It resonates in the entire ward.
Shut up! Everyone, back to your cells! Or I’ll send you to solitary!
The guard intimidates the agitated prisoners, urging them to return to their cells.
It was her!
Leaving the girl to Officer Yamagishi, I rush over to Kurebayashi.
Ugh... haa...!
Kurebayashi!
A knife-like blade rolls on the floor.
The sharp edge is stained with blood.
Fortunately, it didn’t penetrate too deep, thanks to our intervention.
But in exchange, a large cut extends from her side to her back.
Kurebayashi’s hand, pressing on the wound, is already soaked in blood.
Noah, why did you...!
Stretcher! Hurry! Contact the medical ward! Get me hemostatic gauze! Anything, even a scrap of cloth!
Sofurin desperately shouts orders while Kurebayashi stares at her with a faint gaze.
Cold sweat drips from her forehead.
Haa... did it... ah...
Despite that, her face blossoms.
Haa... beautiful... getting all worked up... for me...
What...?
I’m... happy...
What the... fuck...! Stop bleeding!
She tries to stem the bleeding by placing both her wands on the wound in vain.
Blood continues to gush out, staining her black gloves.
Kurebayashi smiles, anguished.
She considered getting killed by her sister.
Looks like it became a reality.
The blade led by resentment towards Sofurin gouged Kurebayashi’s flesh.
I wonder how her sister, screaming and losing her mind over her, appears in Kurebayashi’s eyes right now.
She wanted to see this grief. The light, shining in her sister’s eyes... she found beautiful.
I heard what Kurebayashi said back then, but I didn’t fully understand.
Kurebayashi is gasping for air before my eyes.
Her clothes, torn by the blade... the cut in her flawless pale skin...
Warm blood flows from the wound, painting the floor red.
Haa... ha, haa...
Trembling with the joy she’s been waiting for, her eyes steal my attention.
Her pale skin is shining even brighter as she loses blood.
She’s beautiful.
Her large, gentle eyes move slowly towards me.
M-Minato... you... too...
What expression was I making?
Sadness, anger, or perhaps joy.
You... have to go... quick...
Don’t talk! The wound will widen!
Calm down. It’s not the time to be entranced.
I’m no professional, but judging by the length of the blade, it probably didn’t reach any vital organs.
That wound shouldn’t be life threatening.
Problem is, there’s a storm out there.
If we can’t treat her here, we’ll need permission to take her to a mainland hospital.
However, sailing in a storm is impossible.
Where’s that stretcher?!
Roaring impatiently, Sofurin stares at Kurebayashi, who’s surprisingly calm.
Thank you... well...
Don’t talk! Just listen... for once!
The stretcher is here!
I’ll take her out! Officer Yamagishi, handle the aftermath!
Understood! Number 0720, get back to your cell!
I’m going with her.
Shut up! Security team! Take this baldy...
Enough! He’s involved; he’s coming too!
SST, stand down!
We place Kurebayashi on the stretcher.
(END)
All right, let me see it.
Dr. Higuchi examines Kurebayashi as soon as we arrive.
We used gauze that came along with the stretcher to stop the bleeding, nothing more than a temporary solution.
Uh... ugh...
......
Her gaze is unusually intense.
I’ll take care of her immediately, this way.
She gets carried to the other room.
Eriko... is she...?
I’ll do my best, Sonya. You two wait here.
What are we going to do...? This is all because of me... We can’t even call a boat...
She... will be fine.
How do you know that...?
Because her dear sister is getting all worked up for her.
Thanks to Sofurin’s agitation, I remain surprisingly calm.
She’s got an incredible will to live.
She probably wants to jump around saying, “Thanks to you, I don’t feel any pain!” or something like that.
And if she wants to do that—she’ll do it.
She is Noah Kurebayashi, after all.
I know what I’m doing.
Dr. Higuchi smiles at us, reassuringly.
Don’t worry, as long as you believe and wait for her, she’ll be okay.
You too, Shuichiro!
Yes.
I’ll entrust her to you...
Satisfied, she heads to the operating room.
The prison guard who brought the stretcher follows Sofurin’s instructions and returns to the Obscenity Ward.
While Sofurin and I stay in the infirmary.
Haa...
Sighing, she sits on the floor.
There’s a chair if you want.
I’m good...
Taking a moment for myself, I sit down on the floor too.
......
This silence makes the previous agitation feel like a lie.
I messed up again.
She drops her head against her knees.
I can’t do anything right... at all.
......
Were you trying to get stabbed?
The absence of people creates a space where noise seems to vanish completely.
That silence is chilling like a cold wind.
Yeah.
She answers briefly.
Is that why you were trying to get the inmates to resent you?
That’s right.
It makes sense.
That girl tried to attack her on the yard before.
Thanks to the Chief’s intervention, there was no incident. But something felt off even then.
She was too defenseless, too vulnerable.
She should have been being careful, having just sent a major yakuza to solitary. But she left her guard wide open.
Which means she welcomed the retaliation.
The guy I sent to solitary is called Ashiya. He’s an executive of the Gijin Clan.
I heard.
The girl who wanted to stab me is Tosu. She got charged with prostitution and accessory to murder.
She’s going to talk about Tosu.
The girl who stabbed Kurebayashi.
Honestly, I’m not particularly interested.
I have no connection to her, and hearing her story now is not going to spark my sympathy.
I do know one thing, though...
I feel a great deal of hostility towards her.
I slammed her to the floor harder than necessary.
Sofurin’s words echo in my mind.
You’ve harmed innocent people who haven’t committed any crimes.
I finally understand what she meant.
While it’s true that Kurebayashi committed crimes...
She certainly did not do anything worth getting stabbed over. That was an accident.
I can’t help but feel the pain of being suddenly harmed by someone I don’t even know.
Tosu was abused by her father since childhood.
It’s not going to change how I feel, but I’ll still listen.
At some point, she couldn’t take it anymore. She ran away from home with her mother and they chose to sell their bodies to survive.
That’s a crazy story.
She either had no one to rely on or was desperate enough... It’s a common story, a lot of people feel like there’s no other way.
If she knew about them, she could have turned to public institutions. Ironically, the first to find a parent and child surviving through prostitution were not the police but the yakuza.
Did Ashiya find her?
She nods in response.
Ashiya gave them a job. They started working at a brothel managed by the Gijin Clan. They seemed happy about it.
They ended up doing the same thing as before...
Having a support system makes a big difference. And since Ashiya is good at taking care of people, she started to admire him.
I’ve heard that before.
Sofurin knows that too. That is why she punished Ashiya to earn Tosu’s resentment.
What about Tosu’s accessory to murder charge?
One day, Tosu’s mother was killed.
Did she kill her mother?
It seems not.
Her father found them.
I see...
It’s the classic “husband comes home to his cheating wife” story.
He went berserk and killed her mom.
If that’s the case, the rest is clear.
Tosu decided to kill her father.
Well, that makes sense.
Why accessory to murder, then?
Ashiya killed her father. To spare Tosu from getting her hands dirty.
I see.
That’s why she idolizes him.
Yeah. To the point where she incriminated herself in court to join him in prison.
The situation and relationships are completely different, but it somehow reminds me of Kurebayashi.
I knew that... so I tried to use it. I aimed for Ashiya to turn Tosu’s blade against me.
The result is... this mess.
The blade that was meant for her turned to Kurebayashi instead.
Even though I was fortunate enough to avoid stabbing Noah that day, the smoldering hate I’ve carried ever since still found a way to get her stabbed anyway.
It sounds like a line from a tragic heroine in an opera.
She’s blaming herself for everything. And connecting unrelated points together.
It doesn’t matter. Kurebayashi’s not going to get better even if she takes responsibility.
I have a crucial question to ask.
Why did you try to get stabbed?
I wanted to change this place...
I wanted the problems to escalate. The next step would be an inquiry, which would quickly uncover my obvious misconduct and violations of regulations.
That would be the opportunity to bring in an inspector from outside. Then, we could bring to light all of the illegality happening in the prison, committed by guards and inmates alike.
In doing so... I wanted things to change. Remove the cancer infesting the prison and make it a more... proper institution.
That’s what you meant by ‘drastic treatment...’
I knew it was the wrong way to go about it... but honestly, I was fed up. Fed up with everything.
All the things I just said were just excuses... I just desperately wanted an easy way out.
Maybe she thought it would be okay to die.
I thought I no longer... needed to become a good correctional officer.
......
I was naïve... because of that, Noah is...
Regretting it now won’t change anything.
Moreover, Ashiya did an Illicit Exchange, and she was not at fault for bringing it up.
Listening to her story, I have one conviction.
Kurebayashi was waiting for this too.
She gives me a dirty look.
She was also waiting for someone to attack you.
She keeps staring at me.
To mend the rift.
She might have understood Sofurin’s intentions before anyone else.
She thought that she could shield you with her body to help reduce the distance between you two.
I want a good opportunity.
From the moment she spoke those words, she must have been waiting for this to happen.
That’s absurd...
Actually... it’s her, it makes sense...
It’s not that different from what you were doing.
Yeah... you’re right.
Both sisters were hoping to be stabbed to change the situation.
They truly are a family...
She’s always been like that... Despite being talented, she got involved in crimes just to get my attention. Did dangerous things. I hated that about her.
Turns out... I’m just like her.
Are you worried about her?
Yeah.
Kurebayashi would cry if she heard that.
What about you? Are you worried about Noah?
After thinking for a moment, I nod quietly.
She’s someone I can’t afford to lose.
She’s essential to me.
She looks at me in disbelief.
I see... She has someone who feels that way about her...
That person being you... well. That adds up too.
She falls silent.
The sound outside becomes clearer.
The strong wind makes the storm shutters rattle.
Disjointed thoughts float in and out of my head.
I should be thinking about the escape.
What should I do if Kurebayashi gets better? What if she doesn’t—how will I respond?
I must decide now.
......
I can’t focus.
When I try to think of what to do if she doesn’t get better, my head fills with static.
I’m rejecting the idea of facing that possibility.
Amatsu doesn’t talk to me either.
It’s the first time this has happened.
Time passes idly.
The more we wait, the more my thoughts veer towards unpleasant outcomes.
Even if I know it’s not a fatal wound, it feels like she might die.
What if bacteria entered her wound, aggravating her condition?
While it’s important to consider various possibilities, getting trapped in negative fantasies is utterly pointless.
......
Kurebayashi doesn’t leave my mind.
Noah...!
She exposed herself to danger to heal her relationship with her sister.
What impulse drove her at that moment?
What thoughts did she carry in her heart in the days leading up to that?
Even when directly rejected by her sister or when the initial plan fell apart...
What was she thinking, and how did she take it all in?
I want to know everything about her.
Why did she not only turn to her sister but to me after being stabbed?
I need to know.
......!
Sofurin is the first to react...
As Dr. Higuchi comes through the door...
How’s Noah?!
......
No answer.
Just a shake of the head.
Huh...?!
Sofurin is speechless.
I don’t know how to take it in...
Behind the doctor, a nurse pushes a bed.
On that bed...
Lies Kurebayashi.
Noah...!
She clasps her sister’s still hand tightly with both of hers.
The nurse leaves the room after greeting us.
My gaze is naturally drawn to Kurebayashi.
She looks better than right after the attack. She seems peaceful.
If I were told that she was just sleeping, I would believe it without a doubt.
On the contrary, I would doubt anyone who’d say she’s dead.
She looks like she’s about to take a deep breath at any moment.
Even the cloth on her abdomen is moving along with her breath.
......?
She’s breathing.
......
I look at Dr. Higuchi.
......
She has her face down, her shoulders shaking.
I can’t tell what she’s thinking.
I’m sorry... I’m so sorry...
Sofurin is utterly crushed.
......
I decide to stay silent.
I messed up. It was all my fault... I should have faced you properly... Noah!
It gets harder to say anything.
Ugh, sorry... Please don’t forgive me... Noah, don’t ever forgive me...!
I... mean...
SHE’S ALIVE!
Too loud.
Huh?! Noah?! Are you okay?
Well... yes.
Eriko, why did you... make it seem like she...?
Maybe it was the... miracle of love that woke her up.
It’s the miracle of you working hard! But then... why the long face? And you shook your head too?!
I meant, no big deal.
I |knew| her hands felt too warm!
Are they warm...?
Well... yeah... it was warm... through my gloves...
A strange atmosphere falls over the room.
That’s not the kind of joke a doctor should make, you know?
Sonya, everyone here has done things they shouldn’t have, you know?
Nonsense! That’s too much, isn’t it, Minato?
I noticed she was alive a while ago.
Criminal scum!
You shouldn’t say things like that, Sonya.
Haa... I’m... sorry.
Don’t worry about it, Leaky.
I do!
Leaky?
Don’t ask! Ignore him!
One day at the mine, she... wet herself.
CRIMINAL SCUM!|Wowza...
Don’t be too loud. Kurebayashi needs some rest.
How is this my fault...?
Well, calling you that was a bit much... I apologize.
She’s incredibly conscientious.
The room slowly goes back to calm.
Kurebayashi is fine.
That’s enough for me.
But I know that for her...
For both of them, it’s not.
Did you think I wouldn’t reveal my true feelings unless you said she was dead or something?
Oh, you saw through it.
I knew it. You were probably right, anyway.
Sofurin approaches the bed and gently takes a seat on a round chair.
(END)
That’s the second time we get to talk in here...
Yeah...
......
......
That’s a long silence.
Both of them are searching for a way to start the conversation, but every thread seems to fray, leading to silence.
Their relationship has always been one-sided and completely fell apart.
Repairing the rift between these two might require a considerable amount of time.
Dr. Higuchi is silently watching them. I follow her lead and keep my mouth shut.
Does it... hurt?
I don’t know. I’m still under anesthesia.
I see...
The silence comes back.
But this time, it doesn’t last long.
I don’t know the pain... I didn’t know...
When I stole your part... I took away your future. You should be standing on a big stage right now.
That voice, clearer than any gem, those eyes, shining without any clouds, they were meant for a big audience, not me. You wanted that future.
And I stole it from you.
I didn’t understand how much I’ve hurt you. Not at all, not even a bit... I didn’t understand at all.
I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry, Sis.
Her emotions are overflowing.
Large, transparent tears well up at the corners of her eyes.
I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I never understood how you felt... I might be saying something off the mark again...
I’m sorry I never understood your feelings. Sorry for taking inappropriate photos. Sorry for hurting so many people. Sorry for taking pictures of people, other than you.
I should have just looked at you all this time... I’m sorry.
She keeps apologizing while crying like a baby.
Tears flow under her long lashes, leaving a single trail on her pale cheeks.
Her tear-soaked red hair clings to her skin, catching the white light of the infirmary.
Deep wrinkles etch between her arched eyebrows, a hint of snot threatens to escape her nose, and her tearful apology is contorting her elegant face.
She’s breathtakingly beautiful.
It looks like her distorted mind is coming out for the first time.
You really... don’t get your big sister at all.
Sofurin lays a gentle gaze on her.
My sister used to look at me like that.
I feel nostalgic.
You know... I used to hate you. I’ve hated you for a long time. Your innate talent, insensitivity to that, and selfishness.
Even your stubbornness, the way you still couldn’t see reality. I hated everything about you.
Contrary to her words, her expression remains serene.
There were many times I wished you’d just die. I even thought about killing you.
I can’t forgive what you’ve done, and I probably won’t ever truly like you from the bottom of my heart.
......
Still... I didn’t want you to die. I wanted you to live.
I’m glad... I’m glad you’re alive.
Sis...
Sorry! I made you go through such a tough time... despite being your older sister... It must have hurt. Must have been scary.
No. I’m fine... really.
Nothing compared to when you scolded me to hell. Honestly, I would’ve preferred to gouge out my brains with a fire poker.
You...
I’m alive... I’m alive, so please don’t worry. I’m not dead, unlike the inmate you used to be in charge of.
You can’t help it... can you?
She curls up her finger and gets closer to her face.
Ouch!
She flicks her forehead.
Phew... that feels so refreshing! Okay, for now... we’re even! No more hassle!
I guess she was also looking for that opportunity.
Her clumsy approach is just so like her.
That hurts...
Don’t be so dramatic. It’s just a playful flick.
Ugh...!
Huh, really...?! Hey, are you okay?! I got buff when I became a prison guard... Are you bleeding?
Ugh... haa...
Noah...?
Just kidding. I always knew you were the nicest.
You...
While expressing anger with words, Sofurin lacks her usual sharpness.
It feels like I’m looking at a younger version of the sisters.
What Sofurin endured and what Kurebayashi did will never be completely forgiven.
Nevertheless, their relationship just took a significant step forward.
That’s what this scene is telling me.
Yeah... yeah. I’m glad, I’m glad... Oh, no. Lately, I’m really weak to this kind of thing...
You’re crying.
I’m really glad for her.
Congratulations, Kurebayashi.
Minato... Thank you. This is also forty percent thanks to you. I’ve added to my debt, haven’t I?
Don’t worry about it. I’m just glad you’re safe.
Now, you can finally say what you’ve wanted to tell her for so long.
Huh...? What I wanted to say... hum...
What’s up?
Hum... I...
Should I say it?
Yes, please.
We’re going to escape from prison now.
Huh?
You’re coming with us.
What?
Sofurin’s eyes widen.
There’s a strange silence.
Pff... haha! Hahaha!
No, this is not funny, Noah! Something’s wrong with him, right?!
Let’s escape...
They’re completely crazy!
We’ve been planning to escape for a long time. The reason we couldn’t execute it was that we didn’t have your cooperation.
Huh...?
You’re essential to this plan.
That’s the first time I’ve heard something like this. Trying to break out a prison guard... Are you guys insane?!
If we weren’t, we wouldn’t be here.
Stop agreeing with me! Hold on... I can’t keep up with this! Phew... phew...
She takes a deep breath.
You know I’m a |captain|, right? Do you really think I’ll allow that?!
I do.
You let it slide when I visited your room the other day.
The other day?
Oh, um... that was... a special case...
That’s an attempted escape, right? Hmm! I don’t think you can pass it off as a ‘special case...’
Ugh...
You want to change this prison even if it requires drastic measures. You even plan on quitting. That’s why you’ve been acting so recklessly, right?
A captain, being involved in a prisoner’s escape. Isn’t that scandalous enough?
She stays silent.
Even if this argument is absurd, it does align with her motives.
Plus, she already violated several regulations.
And that prevents her from admonishing us.
Escaping?! In this storm?! Even if you manage to get outside the walls, you’ll just end up swallowed by the waves!
That’s exactly why.
Escaping on a regular day would mean being hunted down and becoming a fugitive. So, it needs to be on a stormy day.
What? That makes no sense.
So we die?
Kurebayashi nods.
I just understood why it has to be during a storm.
If we escape in the middle of a storm, we’ll definitely die.
No one will chase after a dead person.
What...? What do you mean...? No, if you’re dead... Oh!
Sofurin finally understands.
We’ll fake our deaths.
That’s precisely why we need the storm.
We die here and start fresh elsewhere. I already arranged new identities for both of us.
Huh?
I don’t have one for you.
......
But since you’re a prison guard, Sis... there’s no need for you to participate in this dangerous stunt. I can see that now.
If I escape, we can still meet outside the prison... after I ‘die.’
The old Kurebayashi would’ve never made such a concession.
She’s trying to compromise despite her unreasonable demands.
Of course... there’s a considerable risk in keeping contact with someone who is supposed to be dead.
Captain Shikolenko will face severe consequences if word gets out that she allowed two prisoners to escape.
She’ll be lucky if she just gets fired. But if things go wrong, her name might come out, attracting some reporter’s attention.
Sofiya Shikolenko” is not a name you can easily forget.
The news would spread instantly and the media would make mincemeat out of her.
So, what do you think?
Sofurin hesitates as her sister stares at her.
She’s conflicted.
She desperately uses her already-exhausted mind to figure out what to do.
I... I want you to come with me.
Kurebayashi gathers her courage and pleads with a trembling voice.
It’s incredibly audacious of her to act as if Sofurin’s only choices are to |help| us escape or to |let| us escape.
I’m glad she’s back to normal.
Sofurin doesn’t answer yet.
Uh, excuse me. I’m here too... I also can’t overlook an escape...
You will.
Excuse me?
You’re already part of this. A prisoner you treated conspired with a guard in front of you.
Ah, I see! Haha, close call. I won’t stand a chance.
So, I give up. What about you, Sonya?
Despite the doctor’s cheerful tone, Sofurin looks bitter.
Behind her furrowed brows, she’s still conflicted.
What we’re saying, what she has been trying to do, and what will happen in the future...
She weighs the pros and cons, wondering which side to tip the scale.
Anyone could see how seriously she’s considering it.
She cannot berate us, knowing everything she’s done so far.
And with her actions resulting in her sister being stabbed, she can’t easily reject the plea.
While things didn’t go as planned, her desire to change the prison remains unchanged.
If she refuses, the situation will continue to stagnate.
Even if it goes against the law, taking that step could change everything.
But she knew that since the beginning.
Got it.
So her choice is...
I’ll... help you.
(END)
Ngh...!
I can’t remove it on my own.
You’ll be in big trouble if they find out you helped with the escape. We need to do this properly.
We bind Dr. Higuchi’s hands behind her back, rendering her unable to move.
We also need to tie her ankles and gag her later.
She has to look like a victim.
I’m sorry... I feel like I’m repaying your kindness with betrayal.
You’re pretty serious for someone about to escape from prison.
If Sofurin escapes, she will also have to change her identity to start a new life.
This might be their last conversation.
How are your wounds, Kurebayashi?
They’re slowly starting to hurt... but I’m fine. That won’t be a problem.
I know you’re about to do something reckless... but please don’t be reckless.
I know. If my wounds open up, it’ll be like digging my own grave.
Answering quickly, Kurebayashi turns to Dr. Higuchi.
Why... are you helping us?
Hmm? Well, various reasons, but I guess my way of thinking aligns with Sonya’s.
You want to change this place?
Yeah. I might not understand the deeper aspects of the situation, but even I can see that there’s something wrong with this place.
It’d be nice if it became a better place for people like you, Kurebayashi, and Sonya.
A rather neutral perspective for a doctor.
For me too, of course.
She laughs, jokingly.
But I guess my main motivation is the same as yours.
Got it. I’m convinced.
Really? Is there something you don’t want to hear?
I don’t want you to say it.
Kurebayashi remains as straightforward as ever. Dr. Higuchi shrugs it away with a bitter smile.
The wind blows fiercely, causing the rain shutters to sway.
We can hear the waves hitting the pier from here.
It’s time.
Yeah, let’s go.
We won’t return to the Obscenity Ward.
We’ll use the duct connecting to the infirmary.
Since we both have a legitimate reason to be out of our cells, it shouldn’t raise suspicions for now.
I don’t really know what to say, but... Kurebayashi, Shuichiro, take care of yourselves!
You too... please take care.
Thank you... for everything.
I can’t think of anything better to say either, even though this is a definitive farewell.
Go ahead. I’ll take care of what comes after.
Understood... Let’s go, Minato.
These two are long-time friends. They must have things to say to each other before she goes.
......
The realization that we’re finally breaking free from the prison swells up from the depths of my heart.
.........
......
...
Haa... I can’t catch up. This isn’t a dream, right?
A dream where your sister, who sacrificed herself for you, invites you to a jailbreak plan?
Unbelievable... it’s even weirder than a dream.
Yeah. They would get a medal at the Wacky Olympics.
That joke has got to be the wackiest thing here.
Hahaha, you got a point there.
Yeah...
......
Um, you know. I... I’m going to try doing it the way I want.
I see. Are you really okay with that?
Yeah. I’m okay with it.
I’m her big sister, after all.
We keep groveling forward as Sofurin joins us in the duct.
I’m going in first, followed by Kurebayashi, then Sofurin.
The route is so ingrained in my mind that it would be harder to go astray at this point.
So, you said we’d fake our death...
But can we really cross the sea in this storm?
No problem. I’ve got an outstanding pilot on board; her reputation is legendary.
A pilot?
She’s said to have crossed the sea on a small boat during a typhoon—just because she craved a bowl from her favorite ramen shop.
Incredible.
Buses, motorcycles, cranes, helicopters, and even jet fighters. She handles anything classified as a mode of transportation as if it were an extension of her own limbs.
A monster.
A monster indeed.
Whether it’s true or not, it doesn’t matter. If Kurebayashi says so, there’s no need to worry.
We just need to get there.
We’re getting closer to freedom with each swing of our arms.
Hey, Noah. Once we’re outside... what do you want to do?
Kurebayashi ponders for a moment.
I want to live with you.
Her answer remains unchanged.
Go out together, have meals together, chat together, watch movies together, workout together, sing karaoke together...
Like a child sharing her dreams, Kurebayashi lists her endless desires one by one.
But first... I want to eat your whitebait bowl.
I see.
She answers calmly.
I’ve heard so much about that dish by now that I can’t wait to get a chance to taste it.
I wonder how wonderful it will taste after that slimy prison diet.
Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.
What about you, Minato?
The question comes back my way.
Do you have any plans, or a destination in mind once we’re dead?
......
I can’t rely on my sister.
Even if I’m supposed to be dead, I can’t casually approach my family without risks.
Sofurin said something like that once.
Criminals’ families often end up taking the blame.
I wouldn’t be surprised if some people tried to exploit my relatives after hearing that a sex offender died trying to escape.
That’s why I can’t get any closer.
I know and understand the risks of what I’m doing.
Survive somehow.
Escaping from a prison in the middle of the sea... Turns out to be less challenging than the fact that I have no place or people I can rely on.
Even if I manage to survive, picturing that life feels somehow empty...
I feel like something crucial is missing.
I can shelter you for a while.
Huh?
If you mess up and get caught, it will expose your fake death. If that happens, it could lead to us being discovered too.
Is that okay?
I owe you a favor. I’d rather avoid keeping that debt forever if something unfortunate happens.
I’m really grateful.
Don’t be. I’m just returning what I borrowed. I have no intention of letting you linger with us forever.
Still, I appreciate it.
I wanted to be with you too.
Ew... Are you mimicking what I said to my sister? It’s giving me goosebumps...
And what do you mean ‘too?’ I never said or insinuated that I wanted to be with you. Take that back!
I wanted to be with you.
Gross.
I’m glad to see you’re okay!
...Baldy.
She’s lively!
Moreover, it’s a healthy kind of liveliness. Aggressive but charming.
However...
I detect slight irregularities in her breathing, though they’re barely audible.
Does it still hurt?
Just a bit. It’s a wound I willingly accept. Please don’t worry and continue.
Got it.
Oh.
There’s a teat-like protrusion here. Be careful.
Thanks...
We keep crawling forward, following each other like kebabs.
......
We should be there soon.
Following my mental map, we take a left at the T-junction.
There it is.
This is it, no doubt.
Although it’s difficult to notice in this darkness, there’s an air vent in front of us.
So is the drone we used to search the ducts.
We’ve arrived. Are we waiting for the boat here?
Yes... haa... finally.
You look like you’re in pain...
Haa... it’s rather convenient. Feeling pain activates the sympathetic nervous system. It stimulates the brain.
Being tossed by the waves in her condition will be hard to bear.
We need to minimize the strain as much as possible and let her rest as soon as we dock.
Hold on a bit more, Sis...
Noah... I’m staying here.
Haa...
Huh...? Minato? Did you say you’d stay here?
He didn’t. I did.
Sofurin doesn’t allow her to escape reality this time.
Wait... Why would you stay... inside the duct?
I’m staying in the prison.
Why...?! Is it because... Ouch!
She bumps her head on the ceiling, attempting to turn around.
Is it because you don’t want to be with me...?
It’s not that. It’s just... I don’t want to run away anymore. Not from you, from acting, or from the prison.
Isn’t it okay to run away? After all, you thought this prison was bad. You said so yourself.
That’s why I have to stay.
Kurebayashi has changed recently.
So, she should understand...
Sofurin’s reasons for staying and her unwavering determination.
She knows that Sofurin has to stay if she wants to bring change to the prison.
The prison will face harsh scrutiny for allowing you to escape. That’s going to be my chance!
I didn’t decide to become a prison guard on a whim.
I want things to change, more than anyone. It doesn’t make sense if I’m not here to make it happen.
But... you helped prisoners to escape! There’s no way they’ll let you stay, you know?!
It’s only fair. Someone who consistently goes overboard for their own benefit and then tries to evade the consequences can’t really be of any help to others.
B-But... everything I’ve done... so far... was to get you out...
That’s... your punishment for running away before your sentence is up. Living without me... letting go of that stubbornness.
That might be a more severe punishment than staying in prison for her.
Minato, stick with Noah, and you make sure she doesn’t do anything stupid. That’s your punishment.
......
Stop! I can’t... if you’re not here...
You’ll manage. You don’t need me anymore.
......?
Noah, Minato, the world won’t forgive what you’ve done. There will be people who resent and fear you. That may torment you someday.
But I... I don’t think the whole world will turn against you. I believe that even the most heinous criminals deserve at least one person to stand by them...
I’ll be your ally.
You guys understand each other better than anyone. Help each other out, and don’t do anything |too| bad.
But you can be a |little| bad. I... I don’t need you to promise me you’ll be good.
Just live!
I’ve always... wanted to say that.
Sis...
Sofurin’s determination is strong.
Her unwavering will moves Kurebayashi, who hesitates to take a second step.
For years, she’s obsessed over and longed for her sister.
She’s now standing at a crossroads.
Kurebayashi, Captain.
I must tell them...
We might not be able to escape.
No need to turn around to know that their expression instantly changes.
There’s no sea.
This was supposed to be our escape route. But there’s not a wave in sight.
Hup...!
Minato...?!
(END)
