She takes us to the medical ward.
I am so sorry...!
Dr. Higuchi politely bows her head to us repeatedly.
They caught prisoners trying to escape.
That’s a natural outcome.
Then it’d also be |natural| for me to get the same punishment. I knew, and I let you go.
No, it’s different. You were restrained.
Well... yes, but...
Normally she would laugh it off. This time, she doesn’t.
Probably because of her beliefs and principles.
Despite how she talks about equality between guards and inmates, only the prisoners face punishment in the end.
And seeing a patient she treated being sent to that kind of place with fresh wounds...
That really puts the “doctor” side of her correctional physician job to the test.
Even if she had nothing to do with what happened, she can’t easily forget about it.
I notice signs of tiredness on the doctor’s face.
I could be wrong, but I think she’s been working day and night to get Kurebayashi out of that place—after all, she went in with a stab wound.
I’m really sorry, Kurebayashi, Shuichiro...
I have no complaint or dissatisfaction.
I don’t think Dr. Higuchi is just paying lip service.
On the contrary, it’s refreshing to see that things can get to her to this extent.
People who stay true to their values are admirable.
We could also call that another form of self-expression.
But if she keeps bowing and apologizing, this conversation isn’t going to go anywhere.
Well, if we’re talking about that...
She starts bowing too...
I should be the one to apologize to you, more than Eriko...
Yeah, yeah, we know.
I’m surprised.
Kurebayashi interrupts Sofurin.
Could we get on with it already? While you’re at it, why don’t you apologize to Little Miss Gloomy for calling her over here and neglecting her?
Hm...
She shrinks back as everyone’s focus turns to her.
Is it okay if I call you Chisato?
Y-Yes... Chi...sato...
Her nervousness makes her sound like a shy late-bloomer in high school.
You were in the rehabilitation program, right? When we were making that game.
Yes.
I saw her underground and asked Warden Mizushiro if she could join to help us.
She agreed as long as we reach our goal.
Chisato helped me a lot when we made that game.
With the story, of course, but without her, I wouldn’t have been able to outsmart Eroducer.
So, I decided to recruit her.
Underground...
Dr. Higuchi makes a strange face for a moment, but smiles at her as soon as Chisato shrinks back.
How did you come here? Did the warden help you?
I... I came... through the d-ducts...
You knew about that?
She nods slightly. Chisato is very reserved in front of Dr. Higuchi and Captain Shikolenko.
I had never considered it, but she might be more familiar with the prison than us.
How much do you know?
N-Nothing... I was told to... come... so I came...
In that case, let’s start by telling her what happened.
Kurebayashi is Captain Shikolenko’s sister.
Hm...
Kurebayashi and I attempted to escape with Captain Shikolenko, but we failed.
......
To clear our charges, we’ve been told to bring down both Captain Julia Agatsuma and Captain Hazuki Yugao.
If we succeed, we’ll be released outside the walls.
......
So we’ve gathered here to bring them down.
Hm...?
Chisato lets out a strange noise before rolling her eyes, confused.
That’s quite a concise explanation...
Well, I’ll explain the details later, so don’t worry, Chisato...
T-Thank you...
By the way, Eriko... is it okay for you to be on our side...?
Hm... That’s a bit tricky considering my position.
But I want to help you out. So I’ll tag along.
Quite a bold decision...
Dr. Higuchi chuckles.
Sofurin might not have had a choice but to comply, since the Warden knows she was involved in our escape plan.
I guess that she would agree with the Warden even without that stress point.
She wants to reform the prison even if it means doing it the hard way.
At least on the surface, they share the same ideology.
So, how do we bring them down?
First, we need information.
Both Kurebayashi and I are from the Obscenity Ward. We hardly know anything about them.
The only thing I know is that Sister Julia came out of the laundry.
Personality, mindset... anything will do. Tell us what you know.
If I were to describe Captain Yugao in one word, that would be... |Queen|.
A queen?
You know about the Special Security Team, right? They don’t have a guard’s authority, but they maintain order through force...
I know. The security team acts based on the guards’ orders.
That’s what most prisoners think.
It’s not true?
Not exactly. While I, as captain, can give instructions to the security team... They’re not obligated to follow them.
That’s because they take their orders from the captain of the Special Security Division.
The Special Sexuality Division?
It’s Special Security Division!
And who’s in charge of that Special Sexuality Division?
Captain Yugao is.
I see.
In other words, the security team falls directly under Yugao’s command.
Like a queen and her soldiers.
Exactly. Simply in terms of the command structure, the SST can reject any orders that are not from Captain Yugao.
Is that a technicality, or is it actually like that?
It used to be. That’s why it never became an issue.
But she used that to her advantage. She manipulated the SST to follow her will both in name and reality, keeping them under her control.
Of course, the security team usually follows the orders of the guards.
However, when Yugao is involved, other guards lose control over them.
Sofurin nods.
Effectively, the prison’s military force is in Yugao’s hands.
In terms of her personality, she’s... self-righteous, maybe? She believes she’s always right and can be very hostile towards anyone she doesn’t like. But that’s just my personal opinion.
In other words, a controlling calabash bitch.
Eriko?! Don’t call her that to her face!
Pff... Hehe...!
What’s wrong...?
Ah... It’s, um... nothing.
Calabash?
Hehe... Pff...!
That’s a weird trigger.
Who knows what a calabash is, anyway?
...It’s a kind of gourd, and... it’s what, ‘Yugao’ means...
I guess she does.
Looks like Sofurin secretly calls Yugao a “calabash bitch,” and Chisato finds it amusing.
And that selfish queen has the power to wield the SST’s forces...
That’s probably what the Warden’s worried about.
She could be a real threat if things go south.
That’s where the problem lies.
Yugao is already expanding her influence.
That’s why the Warden needs an excuse to bring her down.
At least that’s what I got from that conversation.
However, she’s actually quite sharp. She never shows weakness and handles things smoothly to avoid any accusations.
A criminal once said...
The real villains are not like us. They know how to avoid getting caught for their crimes.
While Yugao might not be exactly like that, she seems quite close to it based on what I’ve heard.
With her position as the head of the Serious Offenses Ward and her ability to use the SST, she could easily tamper with evidence, silence witnesses, and more.
Sounds difficult to find a place to start.
And what about Sister Julia?
Captain Agatsuma is... well, hard to grasp. Occasionally a bit creepy, I guess.
What do you call her behind her back?
Come on...
‘That crazy nun.’
Oh, come |on|!
Chisato doesn’t giggle this time.
It’s not as well-thought-out as the other one, but pretty clear to understand.
Does she have special privileges? Like authority over the SST, or something?
Not really, but... You know that in addition to being a guard, she’s also a chaplain.
She has a lot of... pipi... what was it...? Anyway, she has quite a few followers.
T-That’s... suspicious...
It’s a bit biased to find religions suspicious, but... well, to be honest, that one does seem shady.
Agreed. No comment.
Specifically, what about it?
Nothing specifically.
Got it.
That’s suspicious.
There’s an island, called Ukkon Island, near the prison. It’s owned by Captain Agatsuma.
You can own an island?
Yeah.
As part of her chaplain activities, she sporadically takes devout model prisoners to that island.
Outside the prison...?
It might surprise you, but it’s allowed. In the eyes of God, all sinners are equal... according to her doctrine. She says that, if anything, sinners have more need than most to make pilgrimages.
In foreign prisons, there can be clear differences in treatment based on faith. You might get different meals, for example.
Nevertheless, the idea of letting a prisoner outside the prison seems quite unusual.
I thought you needed approval from the Ministry of Agriculture to let someone out, even temporarily.
Ministry of Justice, not agriculture. Why would the Ministry of Agriculture have such authority?
Given how public opinion seems to want to treat prisoners like livestock, I didn’t think it was that far-fetched.
Public opinion doesn’t want to treat prisoners like livestock.
She’s mastered the art of reading my mind.
Well... I don’t know that much about it, but I know her family runs a pretty big pharmaceutical company. Maybe she gets special treatment because of that...
Besides, she actually gets results. Inmates who have gone to Ukkon Island usually come back well-behaved.
There’s so much there that sounds suspicious, I’m starting to think it might secretly be above-board.
Still, someone who seems a bit off is usually genuinely strange.
Or at least, that’s how it works in this prison.
There aren’t any normal people in the prison’s key positions.
Haha! Can’t argue with that.
At least we have Eriko...
The fact that Agatsuma became a deputy warden despite being nothing but suspicious means she’s got some way of covering her weaknesses.
She has a lot of believers, and she probably knows how to use them.
It could end up being more dangerous than dealing with the SST, because we don’t know who’s on her side.
We could infiltrate her cult, pretend to be believers.
If we’re not careful, she could win us over, especially considering we’ve already attracted attention for trying to escape.
True.
Veritably...
We can’t confuse our objectives.
We just need to focus on bringing them down.
There’s no need to obsess over revealing their secrets.
I think it would be better to come up with a strategy... What do you think?
She’s asking for my opinion.
Does she trust me?
If so, it’s flattering, but honestly, a little disturbing.
She’s more taciturn than usual.
She hasn’t talked to Sofurin much since we got here.
It doesn’t stand out due to the number of people in the room, but she’s clearly avoiding her sister.
Is she still thinking about the fact that she wouldn’t come with us in the end?
It’s not official but...
I’m sure Sofurin noticed too.
Word is that Captain Agatsuma and Captain Yugao don’t get along. And based on what I’ve seen, I believe it’s true.
Why would they be in conflict?
I can’t be sure, but... probably because they annoy each other?
I see.
She states the obvious with such a serious look, I’m wondering if she means something else...
Seems unlikely.
Why would they annoy each other?
Perhaps... because they get in each other’s way?
I see.
Sofurin’s new nickname might have to be Captain Obvious.
What’s with that face?
Nothing at all.
Dr. Higuchi laughs slightly.
If you think about it, it would be a problem for Agatsuma if Yugao takes over the prison.
Because her religious activities might be interfered with?
That’s a possibility. Or maybe it’s just a straightforward power struggle between them.
They’re both trying to take control...
Sounds plausible.
That would explain why Warden Mizushiro wants us to deal with them.
In a sense, their conflict is what maintains the balance.
If one side crumbles, the other side might grow more rapidly... and the warden wants to avoid that.
It’s a hypothesis built upon another hypothesis, but it’s crucial to consider various possibilities.
We need to find a way to deal with this.
We could use that conflict to bring both of them down simultaneously.
In the end, the problem is... how do we bring them down?
Do you have any ideas?
No, I...
She avoids eye contact with Sofurin and droops her head down.
This has nothing to do with Yugao and Agatsuma. There’s something else...
The atmosphere... is heavy.
Is it because... of me?
I don’t think so.
I feel déjà vu. It’s similar to when we couldn’t execute our escape plan.
Well! Oh, well! There’s so much information to process, and everyone’s exhausted.
Maybe we should leave it at that for today and talk again later. What do you think?
No objections.
With Dr. Higuchi’s suggestion, the meeting is adjourned.
Correctional physician...
Yes, that’s me.
Could you, please, check my wounds after this?
(END)
Leaving Kurebayashi behind, I head back to the Obscenity Ward with Sofurin.
Noah is... not over what happened the other day, is she?
Without a doubt, she still thinks about how her dear sister told her, “I’m staying here.”
Kurebayashi came to prison with the sole desire to be with her sister.
She needs you.
I see.
I don’t... think that’s true anymore.
You don’t think she needs you?
She neither confirms nor denies it.
She turns to me as we reach the inspection room.
You two... really resemble each other.
Illuminated by moonlight, her face seems somewhat fragile and lonely.
......
Kurebayashi comes back twenty minutes after me.
Welcome back.
...Hey.
As always, the mockery is raging outside our cell.
How’s your injury?
I have about half a month left to live.
It’s getting worse.
There have been cases of people living for more than seventy years like this. Miraculously.
Miracles are amazing.
So, her wounds are not a problem.
Anything else?
Various things... I heard a lot of useless and meaningless stories.
She started talking about her first period even though I didn’t ask.
She seems to think about that makes her a good doctor. But honestly, I was just uncomfortable.
I never paid attention to it, but it might be true.
This could be because of her personality, but talking to sex offenders every day probably makes it difficult to maintain common sense.
Anything else?
She bragged about her selfie with my sister. Talked about old times and stuff. I have pictures with her too, you know?
With the right software, I could replace her with a photo of me in that picture if I wanted to.
I’ve seen that picture too.
What did you think?
The Captain looked weak.
Do you think we look alike?
She doesn’t stop to yell at me for making fun of her sister.
Look alike?
She kept saying that I look like my sister in that picture.
You two...
Probably something from counseling textbooks. To ease girls going through puberty like me...
I don’t think following the textbook is a bad thing.
Well, yeah. It’s true. But if she just says so without meaning it... That’s just hurtful.
You saw the photo, didn’t you, Minato? Do you think we look alike?
I try recalling the picture.
And comparing it to Kurebayashi.
I don’t think so.
I see...
By the way...
I also got told, ‘You two really resemble each other’ by the captain earlier.
You two?
Probably you and I.
I have hair, though.
I have some hair too, you know.
Well... it’s not about looks, I guess. It’s more about what they call ‘personality.’ Like how we think and stuff.
I don’t know if I look like my sister from two years ago. But resembling you... I can reluctantly understand that.
Reluctantly, huh?
Yes, reluctantly. You and I are... different.
She pauses meaningfully and moves something around in her mouth.
We talked about you too. She asked me what I think of you.
What did you say?
Nothing special.
She’s not avoiding the question.
I believe she genuinely didn’t answer Dr. Higuchi’s question.
After that, she made me play a stupid ‘Where’s the candy?’ game, and that was the end of it.
She rolls the thing in her mouth against her soft cheeks.
Apparently, she got the candy.
I don’t like it. It’s too sweet...
Do you want me to take it?
She looks at me with big eyes.
Without blaming me for blabbering, without expressing disgust, she just silently stares at my face.
She takes a step forward.
And doesn’t stop.
Approaching so close that we almost touch.
She keeps coming closer.
......
Her long bangs create a lattice in front of me.
The sweet scent of candy tickles my nostrils.
I feel her warmth through her lips.
Mm... uh...
She grabs my wrist to prevent me from stepping back.
She presses her face against mine more intensely.
Our breath escapes our noses and mixes in the air.
Mm... hff... uh...
Something juicy and warm traces my lips as if caressing them.
As if this isn’t enough for her, Kurebayashi inserts her tongue between my lips and licks my front teeth.
I am quite surprised.
The memory of the moment our lips met in the library flashes through my mind.
This kiss is much hotter than it was back then.
My heart is racing.
I open my mouth, welcoming her warmth inside me.
Uh... Haa, mm...
Her tongue is sweet like honey.
Along with her saliva, something firm rolls off Kurebayashi’s tongue into my mouth.
Uh... Haa...
She leaves a mark as she removes her lips from mine.
Our entwined saliva draws threads and disappears like a haze.
What Kurebayashi was licking a moment ago is now on my tongue.
She stares at me closely with her eyes barely open.
The warmth of her lips spreads to her cheeks, and she blushes.
I also feel a warmth spreading from the tip of my tongue throughout my body.
If we are caught, it won’t end well.
We exchange glances without uttering a word.
She grips my wrist all the harder and stares at me.
Minato.
Drone Girl! Fusion!
I’m ready, Exhibitiman!
Sex-fusion! Exhibitionist peeping tom! Exhibitigirl!|Sex-fusion! Exhibitionist peeping tom! Exhibitigirl!
We hear voices taunting us from a cell somewhere.
Followed by vulgar laughter, they quickly forget about us and go back to insulting each other.
Interrupted by their taunt, Kurebayashi stays silent for a moment.
Should I wait or say something?
Shall we do it?
Do what?
She doesn’t blink.
Her hand around my wrist is sweating.
Do you want to have sex? With me.
Her voice falters irregularly.
Sex?
No... that’s not it...
I want to have sex. With you.
Why?
I don’t know. If we don’t... I won’t understand.
Her eyes are shining and vibrant.
Up close, her face is mixed with shades of anxiety, confusion, and impatience.
Acting upon her emotions feels hazardous.
Something about that vulnerability stirs the blood in my veins.
This is not for Sofurin.
That expression on her face belongs to me.
I’m certain of it.
Okay.
That’s why...
Let’s have sex.
That’s my answer.
(END)
Gh?!
Hit by a bullet, my world flipped upside down.
Kureba—?!
I heard a succession of gunshots.
I managed to move my eyes—only to find Minato lying face down on the ground.
Mina—gh, |cough|!
My sister coughed violently and kneeled.
I looked up and saw the cold muzzle still pointing in our direction.
Stop...!
It was all my fault.
I couldn’t let them fire another shot.
My torn side and shot shoulder screamed in agony.
Noah...?!
Ignoring the pain, I crawled and tried to shield the others.
It was probably pointless, but I had to try.
Please stop...
My breathing was irregular; my voice, barely audible.
No one would hear me normally.
Every person possesses what is called intelligence and sociality.
Mizushiro started speaking in a strong, carrying voice.
That is what made advanced group living possible, nurtured language and culture. That’s what brought prosperity to people today.
Was she rehearsing for a TED talk?
I occasionally did the same, but had no interest in this topic.
I don’t believe in dominance through violence. It denies the intelligence and sociality that humans have acquired.
I couldn’t stop sweating.
However, for those who violate the rules and threaten others, there’s no choice but to deal with them using force.
......
If you continue to resist, unfortunately, I shall have to end your lives.
What would Minato say...?
Minato... never abandoned the desire to escape.
He had even tried to buy us some time by taking my sister hostage.
If I wanted to respect his will, I couldn’t let the plan end here.
I’d promised to help him escape.
I’d promised to help him hide.
I’d even imagined a life where the three of us would hide from society together.
My debt to him just kept on growing.
That’s why...
I’m... not going to resist.
I surrendered.
I couldn’t think of an escape plan.
My body was at its limit.
And above all, I wanted to make them stop shooting.
I’m sorry.
I came here to break out my sister from this wretched place.
And in the end, she left me alone.
But even then...
Minato.
That was the only thing that came out of my mouth.
I’m sorry.
I didn’t think he could hear me.
I’m sorry, Minato.
He might hate me for the rest of his life.
That was all I could think about.
You’ll be held here for now. Be grateful.
I knew about the existence of this protective custody system before entering the prison.
I always assumed it was an exaggerated and embellished anachronism based on its outdated nature, but...
Now that I’m in it, I can see that it exceeds what I heard about it.
This straitjacket exposes my private parts and prevents me from moving...
That cold light illuminates the entire cell, making it impossible to hide.
Good luck, have fun...
The guard ignores me.
Eat.
This looks like dog food. There’s no dignity.
They’re trying to discipline me.
Imprisoned in a cage, deprived of freedom, and thoroughly destroying my self-esteem.
Once you break a person’s mind, their ego will follow without much resistance.
Leaving behind only human livestock that can only do what it’s told.
The guard looks down at me, treating me like vermin.
Is Number 0720 also in isolation?
What happened to Captain Shikolenko?
Did they say anything?
She doesn’t answer.
The guard smirks.
This is nothing. Just endure this for seven days and it’ll be over.
I get it, trying to act like you don’t care... It’s nerve-wracking when you stop pretending to be tough, isn’t it?
Since she only says what she wants and has no intention of listening to me, I should call her “Otaku” or “Creep.”
As I ponder over which one to choose, I realize both mean the same thing. Let’s go with “Creepytaku.”
People like that usually give in fast. But that’s good. Looks like you’ll be more fun than the other guy... Try to last until the next meal, okay?
With a slimy tone befitting a Creepytaku, she leaves, laughing exaggeratedly loudly.
I’ll be more fun... |than the other guy.|
It means that I’m not the only one enduring this.
She’s probably referring to Minato.
To be fair, he is poker-faced, unsociable and uninteresting. On top of that, he’s bald.
He’s being held in here, just like me.
And my sister...
I don’t think she received any punishment.
Mizushiro went all the way there to catch us.
The people she brought with her looked like a kind of private army, different from the SST.
There are only a few plausible reasons for the warden to personally oversee the situation with these people.
It’s most likely to cover up the scandal of a captain being involved in a prisoner’s escape.
And the reason she sent us here might also be to silence us about that incident.
It should go without saying that locking up a guard in a cell like this would be so illegal as to be completely out of the question.
So there’s no need to worry for my sister’s safety.
If the warden knows anything about her personality, she probably won’t do anything to punish her.
While Minato and I are locked up in this inhuman isolation facility... For her to not receive any punishment...
That is likely the most severe punishment she could receive.
Because she’s full of love.
No.
That’s not it.
She wants to be punished.
She wants retribution for the excessive punishments she meted out.
She believes she has no right to change the prison unless she clears her own sins. That’s how she sees it.
......
Crimes can never be undone. The guards, of all people, always repeat that mantra.
Even after serving a sentence and atoning, the sins themselves never vanish.
The black stains on one’s hands won’t wash away no matter what.
No matter how much she tries to atone, the fact that she unfairly raised people’s scores and sent them to solitary over false accusations... remains unchanged.
That’s what she said.
It would be arrogant of her to pretend that only she gets to start over with a clean slate.
She has no choice but to keep going with her tainted hands.
How foolish...
It’s the first time I’ve ever thought of her like that.
I admired her blindly.
My sister loved me.
I could never be wrong.
My plan was absolute, and any discrepancies with reality were all due to the brainwashing done by the prison.
I came here firmly believing that.
I finally got a chance to talk openly after years of not being able to.
I conveyed my feelings directly to my sister.
And I got back a torrent of scorn.
That was the first time I realized my own foolishness.
I distanced myself from my dear sister for the first time.
The harsh reality ruminates in my mind without me realizing it.
Her beautiful face, crying out loud, flashes through my mind at every opportunity, reminding me of reality.
She doesn’t love me.
Accepting this was quite challenging. I even had a panic attack.
And also my period.
My mood swung uncontrollably and I felt tired.
Sis...
Still, all these misunderstandings were resolved as days passed. I think.
That gap was slowly filled by something new, something growing day by day.
When I faced my sister, during my panic attacks, and even during my first period.
He was always by my side.
Someone other than my sister appeared in my dreams for the first time.
Minato.
Suddenly, I’m scared.
I owe him so much.
The only reason he helped me was so I could help him escape.
I can’t repay him.
The escape failed, leading to the worst outcome possible.
We’ll have to return to the Obscenity Ward in seven days.
I have no more plans.
I’ve got nothing to repay him with.
What is he going to say?
No...
Facing this reality is much scarier than being locked up in here forever.
If Minato rejects me like my sister did...
Just thinking about it makes me shiver.
I don’t want to leave this room.
No... This is wrong.
My confinement will last seven days.
I just finished my first meal, yet anxiety is already sprouting in my mind.
Isolation dulls the mind, adding weight to the negative scale.
Pondering what Minato is thinking is useless, I won’t figure it out.
It would be foolish to overthink it and push myself into a corner.
Stay strong. Don’t think about unnecessary things.
When I come out, I should be able to casually joke with Minato about how it wasn’t a big deal.
It’s okay. I’m amazing.
He said that too.
I’m amazing. This place won’t break me.
I’m only able to maintain that mindset until the second meal of the day.
The pain in my shoulder is killing me.
The laceration on my side emits an unpleasant heat.
Even though my body is hurting intensely, I can’t even touch it.
The abnormal coldness of this cell hypersensitizes my entire body, amplifying the pain of my wounds.
It feels like the wound on my abdomen is worsening, gushing with blood.
Every time I twist my body and cast a glance at my side, there’s not a hint of blood.
It hurts...
I know that talking too much might make things worse, but I can’t help to say it out loud.
I just finished my third meal. How many hours have passed already?
I wanted to calculate the time passing by my heartbeat but failed because of my arrhythmia.
The cold and the pain are preventing me from sleeping.
How do you fall asleep, again?
I used to fall asleep instantly by lying down and closing my eyes.
I never thought about how to fall asleep.
Now I understand why my sister always has those black bags under her eyes.
Fear and anxiety intertwine.
It would be fine if I wasn’t in such bad shape. But the pain is infecting my mind as well.
Weighed down by sickness, my heart prevents optimistic visions of the future, sowing seeds of anxiety and fear in my mind.
What if that guard stops coming and leaves me rotting here forever?
I know it won’t happen.
Even though I know that, I can’t stop these thoughts from surfacing relentlessly.
Don’t think. Cut it off.
I keep telling myself this over and over again.
But it looks like my anxiety is fueled by these affirmations.
Am I going to freeze to death?
Am I ever going to sleep again?
Could bacteria get into the wound and cause my body to decay?
Even if I close my eyes, there’s no way to avert them from the voices in my head.
Hah... Haa...!
The breath I exhale is white.
My teeth are chattering.
My pulse is abnormal.
Its rapidity is accelerating my irritability.
I know it’s meaningless, but I can’t shake off the anxiety and fear that’s already blooming out of control.
Sixty-seven times per minute.
That’s my normal pulse rate.
I can count the time that passes using my pulse.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten...
I can try to avoid being trapped in negative thoughts by counting the time that passes.
Let’s try to look away from the fact that this attempt has failed once.
...sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-four, sixty-five, sixty-six, sixty-seven...
That’s one minute.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten...
I keep counting relentlessly, trying not to overthink.
An hour passes.
Even if I try not to think about it, countless thoughts are swirling in my head.
My minutes are too fast.
That voice in my head is mocking me for not being able to properly measure the time passing.
Maybe it hasn’t even been thirty minutes yet...
Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen...
Even if I feel like I’m miscounting, I keep counting out loud.
If I don’t, the fears I’m desperately holding back will quickly swell and take control of me.
Forty-two, forty-three, forty-four, forty-five, forty-six, forty-six, forty-eight, forty-seven, forty-eight, forty-nine, fifty...
My heartbeat continues to fluctuate as I count.
Suddenly, I start thinking.
If it were Minato...
Minato’s heartbeat is always steady.
Even when I pinned him to the floor, holding a weapon to his neck.
Even at the infirmary when I got showered with harsh words.
Even when I had my period and asked him for help.
No matter when, it beats at the same speed, rhythmically.
I miss that heartbeat.
I don’t even need to press my ear against his chest.
Just touching his wrist and feeling his heartbeat would be enough.
Thinking about it makes the cold and my anxieties melt away.
Fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-seven...
I shouldn’t have thought of that.
The hope I harbored here, no matter how trivial, quickly flips and attacks me.
If I don’t feel Minato’s heartbeat, this fear will never disappear.
If I don’t, I’ll never be at peace.
I won’t be able to think straight again.
My mind will break.
Everything will end.
Mina...to...
I stopped counting somewhere along the way.
Once you start thinking in black or white, it’s hard to stop.
Nothing will work unless I touch Minato.
Minato...! Minato!
I’ll be losing it if I don’t see him soon.
What should I do? How can I see him?
I can’t meet Minato unless I leave this place. The door is blocking my way. Why do we need doors anyway?
The guard! That’s it. I can bribe the guard. I have enough funds for that.
But how do I negotiate? I can’t do anything without Minato. I can’t have a decent conversation. So bribing a guard...
How did I get so far with the plan and the drone? I can’t do anything without Minato.
Footsteps are approaching.
Minato!
I know it’s him!
I hear footsteps on the floor, gauging the approaching speed from the pace. It must be Minato.
The rhythmic footsteps ease my anxious heart. It’s the same as a heartbeat.
Crawling on the floor like a caterpillar, I desperately reach the door.
Minato! Minato! Let me hear your heartbeat! Just touching your wrist is fine! Minato, Minato!
Sorry for keeping you waiting, Drone Girl.
It’s me, Exhibitiman! I came to pick you up. Hehehe...
......
Hey, hey, hey! You were all excited, so I humored you, and that’s how you react?
Sorry, I’m not Minato. Or am I? It’s not my fault you misunderstood who I was, right? Right?!
Raising her voice, she roughly hands me my fourth meal.
To avoid unnecessary thoughts, I latch onto the food like livestock.
Since I’m a very compassionate and fair prison guard, I’ll tell you something. I’m the one feeding 0720 as well.
He was complaining about you, you know? Blaming you. Saying he should have broken your nose before being put in confinement. He said he’d never forgive you.
I see.
I want to respond, but the words get stuck in my mouth.
Is there something you want to tell him? I’ll let him know what you said.
That cryptic message is more than enough to crush my weakened heart.
Nothing? Looks like you’re reflecting. Admirable. Keep that spirit up for Minato’s sake, okay?
Haa... haa... He wouldn’t. Minato...
I repeat to myself softly, trying to avoid being crushed by the fading sound of her footsteps.
He wouldn’t say such things... Minato wouldn’t say such things. Minato wouldn’t say such things.
No matter how many hundreds of times I say it, I can’t truly believe my own words.
Seeing how foolish I was makes me nauseous.
Believing for years that my sister loved me was a convenient delusion.
Because I don’t understand...
Minato wouldn’t say such things...!
He could’ve said it.
Alone in his cell, he’s probably cursing the fool that I am.
He must be grinding his white teeth in anger and hatred against me.
Minato... uhhhh... waaaaaah...!
After crying, and crying again, I fall to sleep as if a thread snapped.
Haa... haa...
When I’m awake, my body shivers, and my teeth chatter unconsciously.
I guess my body knows that I’m going to freeze to death if I don’t move even a little bit.
My blood circulation is bad. My entire body is as stiff as a board.
My arms feel like they no longer belong to me.
Even if they removed the straitjacket, this body might no longer be under my control.
At that moment.
Eep...?!
I involuntarily let out a scream.
There’s something near my ear.
Rustling...
Something is crawling on my face.
A bug...! There’s a bug!
The more I try to brush it away, the more it mocks me by wriggling around my cheek.
There’s a weird bug! Someone! There’s a bug!
What’s all this fuss about?
A bug, a bug...! There’s a bug in my ear, on my cheek! Please get it off!
Creepytaku stares at me, puzzled, then slowly reaches out.
There, got it for you.
T-Thank... you.
The sensation of the pest clinging to my cheek disappears. I breathe a sigh of relief.
Haha... Hahaha! So, this is a bug! You’re quite entertaining!
Ouch...! Ah!
I realize as she pulls...
The “bug” she caught was my tied-up hair.
You were like a dog chasing its tail. Should’ve recorded a video.
I can no longer perceive things normally.
It’s presented to me in the worst possible way.
You still have five days left. Do you understand five days? Twenty-four times five... Ah, well, it’s quite a long time.
Those words alone almost break me.
If I’ve been cornered like this in just two days, what will happen after seven days?
I’m in luck, my brain is in no position to imagine it.
I don’t want to be here anymore.
Do you want to get out?
I want to... I want to get out!
The words slip out of my mouth.
Let’s make a deal.
She calmly explains about that “deal.”
It takes some time for my barely functioning brain to understand, but I get it, eventually.
To put it simply, she wants the details of my escape plan.
The plan failed. There’s no point in hiding it now.
So, if it gets me out of here, I might as well spill everything.
Whoever talks first, between you and 0720, gets out first.
If only there wasn’t that condition...
Talk.
I won’t talk...
Creepytaku grins.
All right. 0720 will talk. Since he resents you... Your confinement will be extended.
You stay quiet, yet you’ll be betrayed by that guy. Oh, how earnest and pitiful... It makes me want to cry... Wah, waaa...haha, hahaha!
......
My heartbeat is irregular.
A dry strand of hair crawls over my cheek like an insect.
It’s fine... really.
That’s the consequence of my own incompetence. I have to take responsibility.
It’s only fair that he gets out first.
Minato...
Deep down in my heart, I feel a plea not to speak.
No!
I always wake up in screams.
The only things awaiting me when I fall unconscious are nightmares aiming to destroy my spirit.
I can’t recall the details. There’s a strange sensation clinging to my skin.
I might have been glared at and shouted at by my sister.
Or Minato could’ve punched and spat on me.
The thought of this becoming reality deepens my fears.
The nightmare continues after I wake up.
No matter how many times I blink, the situation never changes.
If I were surrounded by darkness, I could fight for a glimpse of light.
But this white light illuminating the cell constantly reminds me that everything visible is all there is.
It doesn’t let me cling to any hope that might exist somewhere.
Take the deal. It’s been a day; maybe you’ve had a change of heart?
I won’t talk...
Got it, we’ll reduce the number of meals you get from now on.
Wait!
I call out to Creepytaku before she leaves.
Does that mean Minato didn’t talk?
There’s no obligation for me to answer... You’ll find out when you talk.
Why are you doing this?
I don’t actually care.
I just want her to stay here a bit longer.
I don’t care if she mocks or insults me. I just need someone to talk to.
I can’t bear being alone anymore.
In college, there was this junior I had a crush on... a cheerful, sociable guy.
Even stories about people I don’t know feel refreshing to me.
One day, that junior became a victim of voyeurism. His pictures were sold without his consent. He changed so much after he found out about it... It was painful to see.
Why are the victims the ones changing like that? What do you think, voyeur?
As if she didn’t want to hear any answers, Creepytaku leaves, leaving only the meal behind.
Wait... |Cough, cough!|
My strained throat protests with a sharp pain.
I want her to stay even if she keeps telling that story.
Even if she insults me, I’ll apologize until my voice goes hoarse.
Ngh... Om, nom...!
To avoid being trapped in my thoughts, I exaggeratedly raise my voice while devouring the food.
I want to eat my sister’s whitebait bowl...
I want to lick candies with Minato...
I know that this might turn into poison, but I can’t stop this emotion from gushing out of me.
If I snitched, maybe I could get out of this hell.
If I think of myself first, that’s the best, most rational, logical choice there is.
Minato.
I don’t want him to hate me.
I don’t know what I’ll do if he looks at me with disdain next time we meet.
I’m willing to bear the rest of his sentence myself.
So, please...
Forgive me...
I’ve lost sense of time.
Sunlight never shines in this room. I cannot distinguish morning, noon, or night.
Once, I nearly decide it’s night because of the cold freezing out my ears, but then the temperature drops again.
And it always feels like midnight anyway.
The sun could explode and leave the entire world in darkness while I’m confined, and I wouldn’t know.
In some moments, I honestly believe it could happen.
My shoulder and abdomen stop hurting.
I’m not sure if the pain has subsided or if I’m completely numb.
I want pain...
My senses are becoming increasingly diluted day by day.
Is my body really my own? I can’t be sure.
Now that I look at it, the walls and doors here don’t look as sturdy as other places. Probably to avoid inmates harming themselves.
My sanity won’t fade away.
I wish I could hit my head with all my strength and go completely insane.
Madness makes a good anesthetic for the heart.
When faced with intense anxiety, unbearable suffering, and inescapable pain, humans seek refuge in madness to protect themselves.
Maintaining sanity in hell is much more difficult and painful than succumbing to madness.
It would be much easier if I could just lose all reason and go mad.
That eternal, bright light doesn’t allow my sanity to deviate.
Despite being repeatedly called crazy, I was never insane.
Haa, haa... haa, haa...
My breathing is jerky.
My parched lips feel like an insect’s leg.
When I stay silent, vague scenes appear and disappear.
I’m seeing the prison library.
Come to think of it, that’s where Minato kissed me.
Technically it wasn’t a kiss, but a medical procedure, artificial respiration.
Or was it?
I don’t know anymore.
I want him to kiss me again.
I don’t know why.
I just want to feel Minato.
He might not enjoy it with my lips like they are now, but...
Kurebayashi.
Minato.
Minato stands in front of me.
Minato...
I crawl on the floor, half-naked and desperate.
Kiss... Kiss...
Even in this state, I just want a kiss.
I won’t ask for anything more. Just feeling his pulse and touching his wrist would be enough.
No matter how ugly and pathetic I am, I want him.
I won’t forgive you.
Huh?
My heart skips a beat.
The cold, fatigue, and humiliation, I can endure it all.
But this...
This is different.
I won’t forgive you.
No... ah... No, stop... No, no, no...!
Looks like you’re having fun, 0721.
As I look up, Minato transforms into a prison guard.
Aah...
Enough.
I’ve reached my limit.
Talk.
Haa, haa... haa, I...
I won’t... talk.
From the beginning, it was all my imagination.
Minato and even my sister don’t really exist.
Using my skills and engaging in criminal activities to create funds, getting incarcerated in this remote island prison to save my sister...
...meeting Minato, collaborating on an escape plan, reconciling with my sister with his help, attempting to escape but failing...
...being here...
...it’s all a dream.
The result of my self-indulgent fantasies.
Look at reality!
I’ve always been locked up in here.
Unable to accept that reality, I immerse myself in a fantasy world that doesn’t exist.
I’m so foolish, weak, and stupid that I can’t protect myself without delving into such fantasies.
Making an imaginary sister to say, “Noah is a genius...” It’s so absurd that it makes me shiver.
The fact that I even came up with a guy ready to help me out with everything I need is so funny that it makes me want to cry.
The fact that I’m such a wretched, delusional fool is the very reason why I’m stuck in here.
I’ve been locked up here, alone, for years, completely unnoticed.
No...
I clench my teeth.
Sofiya exists... Minato exists...!
Even if it’s a delusion, it’s fine.
Whether it was real or not, Minato helped me.
I crawl back into my thoughts and realize how much Minato has helped me.
If you cooperate, I’ll let you escape with me.
I’ll handle everything related to my sister.
I owe you. Please escape first.
I can shelter you for a while.
Nothing.
I couldn’t achieve anything.
So, fantasies and reality don’t matter.
Talk.
I won’t talk...
That’s all I have left to reply.
I won’t talk.
Because I want to feel that heartbeat, to touch Minato’s hand once more.
I won’t talk, I won’t talk... I won’t talk... I won’t talk!
As my voice goes hoarse, I lose consciousness.
I don’t even know if all of this is real or just a delusion anymore.
We don’t need you to talk anymore.
I’m terrified to hear this.
Because that means I have become useless.
What are they going to do to me?
Until now, they only confined me, but this time, surely physical abuse is coming too.
They’re going to beat me up.
The guard raises her hand.
I have to protect myself.
But it’s going to be worse if I resist.
First, my body doesn’t respond properly. Coiling around like a rat is the best I can do.
Wait...?
I feel my limbs stretching out.
She removed my straitjacket.
Can you stand on your own?
I can’t.
My legs are shaking too hard to support my weight.
Even if I try to stand up using my hands, there’s no strength in them. They provide no support at all.
I’m like a baby.
Tch...
With a little help, I’m finally able to stand.
It feels like I’m touching human skin for the first time in years.
Despite being imprisoned for so long, I don’t hold any grudges against Creepytaku.
I even think that she’s the only thing that kept me from dying of loneliness.
Thank you.
Put this on.
She hands me a prison uniform.
Number 0721. That’s mine.
I don’t know what’s going on.
Your isolation period is over. You’re getting out of here. Say goodbye to this place. Do you understand?
I don’t.
The sound enters my frozen ear and takes an impressive amount of time to reach my brain.
Ah...
As I start to understand, a sob escapes from my mouth.
I feel like falling down on my knees even though I just stood up.
I leave the cell, following Creepytaku.
The landscape changes for the first time in a very long time.
It’s finally over. I can finally leave.
My legs are moving. Blood flows to my fingertips. My heart quietly races.
Imprisoned by negative thoughts, my mind gets back in shape as I take one more step forward.
Ah...
Suddenly, an anxiety I forgot about comes back to me.
Minato.
Protective custody was hell on earth, but it shielded me from Minato’s gaze.
Now that I’m out, I’ll have to face him.
Confront his eyes.
What are they going to be like?
My heart rings the alarm.
My hands are trembling. I can’t gather my strength.
(END)
Warden Mizushiro is talking to someone in her office.
Probably nothing significant.
Minato is my only concern. My head doesn’t work properly.
I’m forced to wait outside the room for a while.
You’re summoned. Stand up.
As instructed, I stand in front of the door again.
......!
Ah...
My voice doesn’t come out properly.
I can’t believe my eyes.
I really can’t believe my eyes.
M-Minato...?
I’m not normal. My time in protective custody made that abundantly clear.
You...
There’s no guarantee that this isn’t an illusion that will disappear if I blink.
Kurebayashi.
Minato takes a step closer to me.
Kurebayashi.
His hand reaches out.
Kurebayashi.
He touches my cheek.
Huh?
Unconsciously, my hand overlaps with his.
Warm... Minato? Is that really... you?
I forget all about my anxiety and fears.
Minato...!
Driven by overwhelming, almost blinding emotions, I hug Minato with all my might.
I want to hold him so strongly that I could never let go again, but my weakened arms lack strength.
I’m sorry! I’m so sorry... so, so sorry...!
I’m sorry! Please forgive me...! Minato, I want you to forgive me...!
Minato doesn’t hit me.
He doesn’t curse me or spit on me.
He hugs me back with his big arms.
I can hear his heartbeat.
That regular, calm pulse...
That alone is enough for me.
Mizushiro is saying something.
My mind is still on Minato.
Despite looking worn out, he seems somewhat healthier than me.
That’s probably because he confessed and got out of protective custody.
Honestly, I don’t care.
We ended up here because of my incompetence.
It’s only fair that he got out first. That’s the least I could do to repay him.
You both managed to stay silent until the very end during your confinement.
Huh?
He didn’t talk?
Did she just say that he didn’t talk either?
In that situation? In that hellish place?
Why?
It’s my fault we ended up locked up in such a dreadful place.
Why did he stay silent?
Why didn’t he confess?
If he had, he could’ve been out for a long time already.
Talking was the best choice to protect himself.
But he didn’t...
Why...?
I’m back in the Obscenity Ward after five days.
Moreover, in the same cell as Minato.
Two of us in the same cell...
I’m sorry.
My sister is apologizing through the bars.
I’m sorry. I’m so sorry... I’m the one who should be punished...
It must have been tough... It must have been cold... in that place... for five days...! Minato, Noah, I’m so sorry.
Why?
I came here to save her.
That’s the reason for all of this.
My goal is not going to change just because the plan failed.
I remember my sister saying she would stay in prison...
Is that the reason why I’m wavering?
Or is it...
Minato.
Yes?
Why... didn’t you confess?
Because I wanted you to get out first.
Why...?
Because you’re the one who planned all this.
Even if I got out first, I would be unable to plan what comes next.
W-What are you saying...? That plan lacked proper preparation, it was bound to fail.
Yeah, maybe.
Even so, I need you. For sure.
I wish you hadn’t said that.
Because I’m incompetent, foolish, clumsy, and just a hopeless pathetic human being.
How about you? Why didn’t you confess?
I...
I mumble, bowing my head. I’m desperately trying to suppress the emotions welling up from the depths of my chest.
I promised to help you escape... and I couldn’t keep that promise. I’ve added to my debt, again.
I couldn’t possibly get out before you did and keep adding to that debt... that’s it.
No...
I don’t know... if that’s truly it.
I know.
It’s not just that.
But...
I don’t know what to do.
That’s the one thing I don’t know.
That’s why...
I want to have sex. With you.
Hup!
We reach the laundry room through the ducts.
Not a soul in sight.
The lights have been turned off a while ago.
We have a strange... connection to this place.
It’s where we fought back against Ozawa and Hanamaru after they set me up.
Now that I think of it, I also set you up in here with that screwdriver.
I was sad... I thought I would get a kiss.
What a dumbass. You should thank me for even considering letting you join my plan!
I’m grateful, truly.
You even... kissed me.
Yeah...
The silent night stands out as we stop talking.
Although all the other prisoners are locked up in their cells, we managed to slip out and come here together.
A quiet excitement envelops me.
Are you going to... take off your clothes?
Yeah.
That was fast...
That’s my specialty.
I know... You’re hard.
Because we’re going to have sex.
Did you come all the way here like that?
It was not easy.
You bet. I’m going to take off my clothes too... look over there.
I can’t look?
You can’t.
What if I do?
Don’t look.
I won’t.
I turn around.
I hear the rustling of her clothes.
That’s where they stripped us of our clothes during the Hanamaru incident.
Now, once again, we are about to expose ourselves to each other in this place.
Even if the outcome is the same, this feels entirely different from back then.
My body feels warm despite the cold.
I’m going to have sex with Kurebayashi.
Is that why I feel this way?
I’m... ready.
I turn around.
Kurebayashi stands before me, naked.
It’s the first time I’ve gotten to see her body up close.
You’re beautiful.
Thanks...
Your boobs are huge.
And your weenie is... normal.
Weenie...?
What?
Not dick or cock, but weenie?
It... doesn’t matter, does it? There are too many names anyway. Dick, cock, phallus, schlong, member, dong, joystick, plonker...
She sure knows a lot about it.
That being said, I feel the sudden urge to look at her crotch.
The carpet matches the drapes.
What the... What are you looking at? Stop looking at it.
Even if we’re going to have sex?
Well... yeah, but...
How’s your wound?
I’m fine... It doesn’t hurt anymore.
I’m glad.
A scar runs from her side to her back. But even my untrained eyes can tell that it’s mostly healed already.
Kurebayashi.
I take her hand.
Let’s have sex.
Her large, moist eyes stare at me intensely.
Yes...
She says with a small but clear voice.
(END)
Good luck, have fun...
Good luck, have fun.
Lying on my back, I look up at Kurebayashi’s face.
Do we need the greetings?
I’m not sure, but greetings are important, aren’t they?
Indeed.
Nice to meet you face-to-face, I suppose.
Shut up...
There’s no real hostility in her words.
Doing this reminds me of that time...
Back then, I was facing down, not lying on my back.
And now, you’re the one trying to poke me with a tool.
A tool?
Yeah, you’re going to insert your tool... inside me.
My dick?
Yeah, told you the name doesn’t matter!
She looks annoyed that I corrected her again.
She places her hand on my chest as if she’s checking the texture of my skin.
Your pulse stays the same... even now...
Seems so.
How about you?
Do you want to... touch?
I do want to touch.
Pervert.
She grabs my hand with both of hers.
Guided by her hand, I plunge into her abundant breasts.
It feels like I’m sucked in. When I press my hand against her large breast, her flesh spills out between my fingers.
I feel her heartbeat in the palm of my hand.
Hm... So?
It’s... really fast.
Well yeah... being naked in front of you, having you look at me, and...
Having sex with you... gives me palpitations.
She’s excited about doing it with me?
That makes me inexplicably happy.
Inside this soft chest, a vibrant organ is constantly pulsing.
Feeling like I’m reaching out and touching a place inside Kurebayashi, hearing that heartbeat makes me feel very special.
My pulse doesn’t change... but I’m also excited.
I know... it doesn’t change, but... your cock is so hard, it’s throbbing.
That means... you want to put it in, right?
I think so.
Why are you so vague...?
It’s my first time.
Me too, you know?
It’s ironic how we’re both locked up in a prison for sickos while both being virgins.
I can only use what I know and have heard.
I’m fine, but how about your pussy?
Is that what you call it?
Sounds like revenge.
I shouldn’t call it that? What do you call it? I’ll call it whatever you want me to.
It... doesn’t matter. Pussy, punani, vulva, cunt, dick slot, lady parts, secret place. I don’t care what you call it.
Well, if you say so...
......
Anyhow... I’m also ready.
Does it mean that your... dick slot is wet?
Yes, my dick slot is wet...
All things considered... can you not call it a ‘dick slot?’ I don’t like it...
Sure.
Evasive and pointless conversations continue.
But I don’t mind them.
Being naked next to her and talking to her makes me feel incredibly relieved.
The most painful thing during those five days in protective custody wasn’t the cold or the pain.
It was the fact that I couldn’t see her.
I was craving Kurebayashi, yearning for her from the depths of my heart.
Now I understand.
I must have wished for things to turn out like this.
Shall we... put it in?
She raises one leg and guides my dick with her hand.
Should I help too?
No, it’s fine. Just stay still...
I can feel her dripping-wet vulva on my tip.
My groin instinctively leaps.
Nh...! I told you to stay still...
Sorry. Just touching the entrance of your pussy gave me chills.
Plus, your beautiful hand is on my dick. That turns me on.
You don’t have to narrate everything, idiot... baldy! Also, if you’re that excited about my hand... you won’t survive what comes next.
That’s... probably true.
I’m going inside her.
It’s an entirely new sensation. I have great expectations and also a few anxieties.
I’m not worried about me, I’m worried about her.
I’m worried about how she’ll react when I stick myself in.
All right... I’m putting it in.
She grasps my penis strongly and slowly crouches down on it.
My dick jumps again at the touch of her vulva, not slipping away this time.
Nh... ah... haa...
My cock slowly and silently slides inside her.
Her warm insides envelop my head and spread to the base of my penis.
The indescribable sensation makes me sigh in pleasure.
Gh... phew...! A-Are... haa... you in?
Yeah... I’m in. My dick is... inside you.
I’m linked to her.
A new emotion, other than pleasure, rises in me.
I’m overjoyed.
Haa... How selfish... Your dick is throbbing inside me... It... hurts.
Deep red blood pours out of her.
You’re bleeding... are you okay?
Aah... That’s my... hymen... but... haa... I didn’t think it’d... bleed.
That’s proof of her virginity.
It means I’m truly the first one to defile her.
I do bleed a lot when you’re around...
Can I lick it?
What?
I’ll lick it.
I take some of the blood spewing from her vagina and lick it off my fingers.
Ew...
It smells bloody and tastes like iron.
So that’s how you taste, Kurebayashi.
That’s gross... I wonder if the guys who created iron maidens liked licking hymen blood like you do...
It’s the only chance I’ll get to taste it.
Don’t come crying if you get sick.
I want to be in touch with every part of you.
I wish I’d gotten your first period too.
You’re already sick, aren’t you?
We exchange words while still being linked to each other.
That feels oddly satisfying.
How do you feel? Does it still hurt?
Yeah, well... I’m getting a little used to it after all the... silliness.
It’s the first time I’ve ever... had a penis inside me, and it’s a very, very strange feeling...
Is it unpleasant?
Well, I think it’s... weird. Having someone else’s dick, a foreign object, inside me...
It’s not unpleasant... I mean, my body feels strangely warm, and my heart is pounding so much it’s... Why is that? If I were to put it into words...
She stops talking for a few seconds.
It’s... hard to describe...
Are you happy?
......
She doesn’t nod nor deny it.
I’m happy to be linked to you.
It wouldn’t be the same with someone else; I’m happy because it’s you.
W-Why are you so cheesy suddenly...?
I’d be happy if you felt the same.
Saying so, I look straight at her. She squints and frowns.
She looks chagrined. I guess I’m right.
I am completely fascinated by her expressions.
That’s embarrassing...
Embarrassing?
You keep saying such... frivolous things out loud... I...
Even though my dick is in your pussy?
Well, a pussy’s a pussy and a dick’s a dick...
Huh...? Wait... no... that was weird...
I mean... don’t make me use my head when we’re about to have sex. Sex is about... throwing away all reason and stuff, isn’t it?
Well... yes.
I’ll... move my hips now... So, stop thinking and... focus on your dick.
Kurebayashi starts moving her hips up and down.
Nh... gh... haa... aah!
Gh...!
A tingling sensation of pleasure runs through me.
When she pulls away, her pussy grips onto my dick as if she doesn’t want to let go.
Haa, aah... ngh...
My cock sinks deep inside her as she lowers her hips. Her pussy, dripping wet, sucks me in.
That silly conversation we just had somehow made me overly impatient and sensitive.
My reason is blown away.
That... feels amazing...!
R-Really? Ngh... phew... gh...
Pleasure is overriding my brain.
How... do you feel? Is it good...?!
Phew, haa... I... maybe? But the pain... ngh... gh...!
Are you okay...?! Do you want me to stop...?
She shakes her head and keeps hitting her butt against my thighs.
No... ngh... your dick... the pain... you give me... is, haa!
Contrary to Kurebayashi’s pain, my pleasure increases.
Her painful expression, her breathing, and her writhing voice somehow fuel my excitement.
Even though I know she’s in pain, my penis keeps growing harder and larger inside her.
Contorted like this, her face is so fascinating that I can’t look away. I’m debating whether I should just keep looking at her forever.
Ahaa, gh...! Pfah... haa, haa... why do you keep making that... face... ahaa!
What face...?
Ngh, haa... like my pussy is good, but you’re struggling... haa... you look... miserable... Ooh!
That’s exactly how I feel.
Pfah... haa... that’s the... first time I’ve seen you... with that expression... Haa... ugh... haa...
I mean... you’re in pain, right...?!
It’s gotten... a little... ugh... better. But it still... hurts... phew... I-It hurts...!
But that’s fine... ngh, ugh...! Do it... Do it more... Hurt me more... haa... uh...!
She accelerates her movements to increase the pain.
Gah... ugh...!
I know my hard penis is hurting her.
I know it, but irresistible pleasure washes over me like a wave, and I can’t stop getting harder.
Ngh, ugh, phew... Uh, haa...!
The wet sound of her fluids lubricating my shaft tickles my ears at each thrust.
Her voluptuous breasts bounce, following her up-and-down movements. Her erect nipples excite me more than anything.
I’m losing all self-control. I can’t fight this urge.
My dick feels like it’s about to burst. I want to eat her up until there’s nothing left.
Phew, ah... nh, gh, ngh... ah!
Snff... aah... phew... ha... aah... snff... ngh...!
Kurebayashi?
Aah... Snff, uh... aah... snff... ngh!
She’s crying.
Kurebayashi?! If it hurts that much...
She slowly opens her eyes.
It’s not the pain. I know that look.
Why... won’t my sister come with me...? Why?!
Large tears well up in the corner of her eyes as she moans.
I’ve always looked up to her. When I was little and crying, it was my sister who comforted me, not our parents.
She was the most precious person in my life... I loved her! I thought she loved me too!
I was a bit, somewhat... half... snff... completely wrong about that. But still, she’s someone who should be happy... My feelings, regarding that, never changed!
She shouts without stopping as if she’s trying to pound away her emotions.
She keeps contracting her vagina because of her emotions.
She squeezes my penis inside her with passion.
I’m going crazy.
My head is on fire. I still desperately try to listen to her.
She didn’t look happy as a prison guard. I couldn’t bear to watch, so I came here to get her out.
But... I’m useless, so my escape plan failed... Even if it hadn’t, she would still be in prison...! She won’t come with me...!
I’ve always, only thought about her... lived for her...! Snff...!
Even though I endured being thrown into that awful place...! As long as I kept thinking about her, I was fine! I should have been fine...! So, why...?
Why does your face... keep coming to mind...?
Her tearful eyes pierce through me.
There’s not an ounce of resentment or hatred in them.
They are filled with anxiety and confusion, seeking help.
The contrast of her youthful face and her grown-up body reflects vividly in my eyes.
Her pussy tightens up in response, causing my penis to twitch.
During those five days in hell, I hardly thought about my sister at all. All I could think about was... you.
You got thrown in that place too, freezing your ass off in that awful straitjacket... deprived of your rights...
All because of... me...
It’s not your fault!
It is! I’m incompetent, shallow, thoughtless, unable to understand others’ feelings... That’s why my plan failed! That’s how you got thrown into that place!
She slams her hips roughly and violently as if she’s following her heightened emotions.
She wants that pain gouging through her body.
I had a plan. I’d help you escape. I’d take care of my sister. Once we escape, I’d shelter you...
I couldn’t keep... a single promise I made you! Not one!
I... I’m useless, powerless... pathetic, a fucking brat...!
Without you, I couldn’t have faced my sister. When she rejected me, I broke down like an idiot, relying on you, once again!
Even during my panic attack, I sought your help! When blood was flowing from my groin, I was so anxious and scared that I relied on you!
You had no obligation to stick around! You could have abandoned me when my sister turned me into a wreck, but you didn’t!
You went that far because you thought we could escape. Because you thought I could be useful... but I couldn’t give you anything back...!
That’s not true.
I feel a sweet numbness in my crotch.
Unspoken emotions are conveyed through these words.
A new sensation that makes the head of my dick shake.
Not because I wanted to escape or because I thought I could use you.
It was all for you.
If there was anything I could do for you, I wanted to do it.
That’s all it ever was.
Uh... snff...
She stops moving, gazing at me with innocent eyes.
When your world was upside down, I just couldn’t leave you alone.
When you had a panic attack, I felt I had to calm you down. Honestly, I was freaking out.
When you got your period, I wanted to help. Even if there was nothing I could do, I just wanted to be by your side.
There’s nothing rational about this.
It wasn’t for the sake of escaping. I did it because I wanted to.
Snff... Nh... ah... haa...
Minato, I lied.
About what?
The reason I didn’t snitch... it wasn’t about debts or anything. It’s because I...
I didn’t want you to hate me...!
Because surely, you would despise me if I talked first... I was so scared. I was absolutely terrified to see you. I didn’t want to leave that place... but...!
I broke down right away. It was so cold, so bright, so lonely... And my anxiety was growing every second...
I understand that feeling so well it hurts.
It’s something only we two understand.
I missed you. I wanted to see you again. I wanted you by my side, even for just one more moment.
I just couldn’t help but want to feel you again!
Same... I felt the same way.
I wanted to see your face.
I wanted to hear your voice.
I wanted to smell your scent.
I wanted to feel your heartbeat.
Even if I was ugly, even if I was dirty, every cell in my body was craving you.
Even if I was ugly, even if I was dirty... I wanted you! I wanted to kiss you.
I wanted you... inside me.
With each word she speaks, a heat rises inside me, making it hard to breathe.
It’s not just the heat from her body.
It’s something deeper, filling my heart.
I’m never going to hate you.
I’m drawn to you. It’s been like that for a long time now.
Really?
When I think about you, I become terribly irrational.
That’s because I have strong feelings for you.
I feel the same...
I also have strong feelings for you... Maybe, perhaps, stronger than for my sister.
Is that...? Is that okay? I don’t know. She’s always been my number one.
But if you become my number one... something feels like it’s breaking or rather...
Something inside me will break, for sure.
I’m also worried about something.
My number one was my best friend. I always thought it would stay the same forever.
But before I knew it, you were there.
I think about you all the time whether you’re here or not.
Yeah...
Her shoulders rise and fall as she exhales.
Her whole body is sweating.
The light shines through the sweat drops all over her body. Her pale body is breathtaking.
You know... I’m happy, Minato. I’m happy you said that.
Me too. I’m really happy!
Let’s do it... All the way. Like this.
Is it not going to hurt you?
Yeah, it’s going to hurt... but I want you to... make your mark on me.
Her earnest words pierce through my heart.
I went through hell in protective custody.
Yet, I have someone to share that with.
The fact that this someone is Kurebayashi makes me incredibly happy.
I’ve kept your dick waiting for a while... Here, come and get a taste of my pussy...
She sounds unnaturally vulgar.
Are you embarrassed that you’ve been so honest?
W-Well, yeah...! Got anything to say...?!
Not... at all. I think it’s cute!
S-Stop... saying cheesy... stuff! Nh... ah, haa! Your... face is weird... Ugh!
She’s pounding me faster to hide her embarrassment.
That pause we took heightened my lust to a new level.
Phew, haa... it... it’s starting to... feel good... haa!
Good...! Me too. It feels good...!
I know...! Ngh...! Your dick... Your dick is throbbing... inside me... ahaa...!
Her charming voice is increasing my excitement.
Obscene sounds are filling the entire workshop.
The sound it makes when you slam your hips into me... it’s so hot...!
Y-Yeah... You, hah... you make me feel so good... I’m dripping... down your dick... Haa...!
There’s so much... pussy juice!
I know...! My pussy helps... relieving the pain... from your dick... Hah!
That’s why... my dick squelching in your pussy makes such a... lewd sound...!
Nh... yeah...! Ah... your precum and my juices... are mixing... aah... together...!
It feels so good that I could pass out.
Talking about it makes me feel even hotter.
Is it the same for her?
That nectar of love floods out of her vagina and sticks to my cock.
Gh... haa! Minato... I want... more of... your dick... inside me! Haa!
I’m really having sex with Kurebayashi.
I’m inside her.
Every time I think about this, I can’t stop my head from leaking precum.
Aah... I’m having sex with you...
I can’t just think about it anymore. I have to say it out loud.
Ah, haa... Minato! You are... You’re inside me... Your dick is stirring my insides... haa!
Pleasure flows in from all five senses.
I’m at one with the one I’ve craved for so long.
I’m happy.
Ugh, haa... Kurebayashi...!
I start thrusting my hips as well.
Ngh...! Hah...! You pervert...!
Beast... you can’t... wait to pour your cum inside of me... Haa... Can you?
Stimulated by her words, my balls feel like they’re about to burst.
You’re... so tight... I hear your pussy... asking for it!
You can hear it...? How convenient...! Dick brain interpreting what sounds good for your cock... Haah...!
She says that, but she doesn’t stop moving her hips.
The pleasure of our genitals coming together and separating then coming together again feels like a jolt in my head.
Her breasts bounce along as she raises herself up to pull me deeper into her pussy.
Your boobs are... bouncing... like crazy!
Haa... I’m shaking...!
Your dick is... simple... just seeing my boobs bouncing... haa... excites you and, nh... makes you swell inside... me... haa...!
Yeah... It’s really... exciting...!
It’s not just your boobs. Everything about you makes me hard...!
Ugh, phew... haa... Minato... Minato, Minato...!
The heat has fried both of our brains. We’re both talking nonsense.
Kurebayashi...
Chasing her breasts with my gaze, I lock my eyes with Kurebayashi’s.
Her face is distorted with pain and pleasure. She continues to gaze at me with tear-stained eyes.
More than her naked body or her bouncing breasts, I’m obsessed with her face.
I want to stare at her forever.
I never want to leave her.
Hah! Ah! Ngh... pfah... ahaa...!
Driven by her desires, she places her hand on my chest.
Your heart... is beating faster...
Yeah.
Ahaa... ah... I’m happy...
I don’t think she cares if it’s just from the exercise.
Her body on top of mine and our genitals touching makes my heart beat faster.
Haa! Ugh... ah...! Ahaa...!
Waves of pleasure are flowing from my penis.
My shaft twitches as her vagina gets progressively tighter.
We’re almost climaxing.
Kurebayashi... I’m going to...!
I know... Ngh, haa... aah...
Minato... come... closer... haa... make me... feel...!
She leans forward and places her face closer to mine.
Her face captivates me as she comes closer.
Ngh...
She kisses me.
Ngh... mwah, nh, mwah...!
I feel her all over my body.
We embrace each other passionately. I feel her softness.
The blood that flows beneath her bare skin as she presses it against mine is so hot that it burns.
Aah... ngh... mwah... nh... mwah...!
I can feel her heartbeat from her breasts pressed against my chest.
That pulse has been constantly moving inside her since the day she was born.
I love everything about it.
Our heartbeats overlap.
The deeper I sink inside her, the more I crave her.
Ngh... uh... mwah... haah, mwah...
She gasps and writhes, never letting go of my lips.
I feel the same, I want to be tied to her like this forever.
My dick is harder than ever.
I want to cum. I want to pour all my semen inside her.
Mwah... ngh, ah...! I-I can’t... uh...
We’re at our limit.
I will climax soon.
But I want more...
I want to feel her more.
Nh, ah...?!
I insert my tongue past her teeth.
I crawl inside her mouth.
Nh... shlrp...
She quickly responds.
Ngh... uh...
She moves her tongue along my teeth, licks my cheeks, and caresses my palate.
Her saliva soaks my tongue.
Maybe it’s because she had some candy, but she tastes really sweet.
She showed me her bright pink mouth when she had that candy.
I’m inside that mouth right now. I’m tasting her.
I have wanted her for what seems like an eternity in hell. I feel her all over my body.
I can’t get enough.
My penis is spasming inside her pussy.
I feel like I’m already leaking semen, not just precum.
Shlrp... nh... haa... shlrp...
Our tongues intertwine.
Our bodies, genitals, and even mouths are connected.
My heart is full as I truly become one with Kurebayashi.
Shlrp... nh...! Haa, shlrp...! Shlrp... ugh, haa, shlrp... mnh...!
Even when we gasp and struggle for air, we keep seeking each other.
Amazing noises are emerging from our bodies.
Our fluids are gushing out from her, dripping down her thighs.
My penis is throbbing, synced with our heartbeats.
Ngh... shlrp... mwah... ugh, haa! Ahaa... mwah... shlrp...!
My testicles are boiling up.
An electric current of pleasure runs down my spine.
My cum rushes in like a stream, and my cock expands at the base.
I’m at my limit.
I hold her with all my strength.
I thrust my hips and push my dick deep down inside her.
Ngh... mwah...! Shlrp... mwah... haa... nh... nhaa!
Mm...! Haa, ahaa... mwah... shlrp...! Phew... ng, uh... shlrp!
Orgasm. Our bodies convulse violently in pleasure.
The cum I accumulated until now comes out in a torrent at each spasm.
Incredible. The pleasure doesn’t stop.
I hold her shivering body as I pour my cloudy white semen inside her.
Haa... nh! Mwah, mwah...! Slrp, |cough|...! Ahaa... ugh...! Ngh... mwah!
No matter how much she gasps, I’m not letting her go.
I let my instincts take over as I cum inside her, our tongues entwined.
I keep cumming.
Her pussy folds squeeze out and suck up all my cum.
Ah... uh... aha, shlrp... phew... haa... haaa!
My penis is pulsating.
Even if all my semen has been squeezed out, the pleasure does not disappear but rather becomes stronger.
She tightens the grip of her vagina over my dick as it keeps twitching.
I’ve wanted her so badly.
Did I even realize how much?
Nh...! Hah... mwah, uh... mnh... shlrp...
Her body is still shaking.
We are in a deep, deep sea of pleasure.
That’s sex.
Being on top of each other.
A feeling that cannot be described in words.
I...
I am overjoyed that I get to experience this with Kurebayashi, and not anyone else.
Haa... haa... haa...
My head is foggy.
Her face is fading.
My heart is still pounding.
The afterglow feels like a dream.
Hey, Minato.
There’s a certain determination in her voice.
I... want you.
I want to be with you. More than anyone else.
Me too.
I want to be with you. More than anyone else.
Yes...
I won’t survive without you.
I won’t survive without you.
Minato... let’s get out of this prison together.
Yeah. Let’s get out together.
Still connected, we gaze at each other for a while.
Heh... ahaha...
Thank you, Sis.
She speaks softly with tears in the corners of her eyes.
......
Thank you, Amatsu.
I express my gratitude to my best friend.
Hey, Minato... do you know what they call people like us?
I don’t know.
She smiles.
Better halves...
(END)
