The next day.
We gather in front of the medical ward before lights-out.
This daily gathering feels like we’re back in school. Right, Sonya?
Well... I guess so, I don’t have much experience.
I have none.
Same here.
No experience at all...
Ah... really? None of you...?
......
......
......
Is it a counselor’s job to make us feel bad about ourselves?
Haha... no, sorry! I didn’t mean any harm. You’re as harsh as ever, Noah!
Because I’m not inveigled by you like the others.
Hey, Noah...
That’s all right, Sonya! There are no inmates or guards in here. I’m just glad to hear Noah snarking away again.
Dr. Higuchi isn’t annoyed, but rather delighted.
Despite her words, Kurebayashi doesn’t harbor any hostility towards the doctor either.
She used to say that she was “too casual,” but she doesn’t seem to mind being called by her first name anymore.
Perhaps because of the conversation they had yesterday.
Thanks, Shuichiro...
Sure.
I nod in response even though I have no idea why she’s thanking me.
We don’t have much time. Let’s begin. How can we bring Yugao and Agatsuma down?
Kurebayashi is proactive today, quite the opposite of yesterday.
Do you have an idea?
She looks at Sofurin as I ask.
They’re both doing something shady, aren’t they?
Huh? Uh, well... I’m almost certain that they’re secretly doing something that would cause problems if exposed... but I don’t have any evidence.
That’s enough. If we can find that evidence, then we’ll have leverage.
Ah... yeah.
But those two are pretty good at covering their tracks, right? That’s the tricky part.
That’s what we’re here for... But you’re right, it is the tricky part.
What do you think, Minato?
What if we ask them, directly?
Ask who?
Yugao and Agatsuma. Ask them if they’re up to something.
Are you serious?
It’s a valid suggestion.
Are you serious...?
Think about it. If you asked them directly while having a cheeseburger at a restaurant, they probably wouldn’t answer.
But what if you threatened them with the steak knife?
Are you suggesting that we intimidate them to get information out of them?!
Precisely.
Coercing a confession...!
That shouldn’t be a problem, right?
We’re already criminals after all.
Not me! And even if we’re looking for evidence, there must be another way to do it, right...?!
Like?
Well... for example... um...
Time’s up.
H-Hey, Chisato! Say something to your fellow inmates!
Eep...! Ah... I...
Don’t hold back! Tell them off!
If you’re going to threaten them... I’d like to... blow up something...!
Seriously...?
That’s actually... a great idea!
Threatening them with explosives?
I cross my arms and think.
Is there any clever way to do this?
......!
What’s up?
Pee...!
Huh?!
An image of Sofurin during the incident at the mine flashes through my mind.
We need to convince Yugao and Agatsuma to go down to the mine.
Then, use dynamite to trap them under rubble.
How about that?
Perfect. Then we can threaten them until they spit everything out.
Also, let’s make them pledge loyalty to us.
Y-Yeah!
Is this the work of the devil...?
Since we’re at it, how about forcing them to perform a duet song?
What song?
Ode to Joy.
Perfect.
A duet...
Hehehe. Isn’t it delightful, Sonya?
I don’t need that right now...
Let’s have the Chief draw the CD cover.
Great idea. And while we’re at it, let’s release it on Spotifuk...
That’s enough. Are you guys serious?
About their band? We could call them ‘Agagao!’
Not that. If you really want to release a CD, I’ll buy five to spite them. I’ll gift it to Eriko and the other guards.
Do I have to accept it?
Yes.
Enough about the CD. Are you really going to blow up the mine?
We are serious.
I’m also a prison guard... I can’t overlook something dangerous like this...
You said so yourself.
What?
That you’d change this place no matter what it takes.
It’s the same for us. If we have a goal, we don’t care about the means.
I’m surprised, not by what she’s saying but by the way Kurebayashi just rebuffed her sister.
Sofurin looks at her with wide eyes at a loss for words.
I do have hair...
I try seizing the opportunity, but no one pays much attention.
Chisato stares at my head, counting follicles.
(END)
Noah, you...
She blinks heavily as if she can’t believe her eyes.
Kurebayashi faces her with a dignified look in her eyes.
I see...
The smile she lets out feels lonely.
Even Dr. Higuchi is smiling faintly.
Huh??
Chisato looks more and more confused, tilting her head, trying to understand.
W-Wha...?
Chisato.
Uh, huh...?
I don’t understand either.
Eh...?
I don’t think Captain Shikolenko does, either.
R-Really...?
It’s just a smile.
As if...
Then... perhaps, witnessing the change in your sister who has relied on you for so long brought both joy and a hint of loneliness at the same time...?
You don’t have to explain it all...
Did I change...?
Yeah, well, that’s how it looks to me...
Minato, I changed.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
Kurebayashi loosens her lips and smiles shyly.
Sofurin looks at us with a puzzled expression.
Um! So... about Captain Agatsuma and Yugao...
We agreed on the Explosive Confinement Coercion Operation.
The Explosive Confinement Coercion Operation is rejected.
Wh—?
Is it because of the name?
How about Operation Highway to the Mine?
Operation Highway to the Mine is rejected.
Wh—?
What do you want to call it then?
Nothing. Because it’s not going to happen. Even convincing them to go to the mine is highly unlikely.
They’re highly vigilant. Well, that’s probably why they’ve been able to survive until now.
And on top of that, they are in conflict. I can’t think of a plan to lure both of them underground at the same time.
Isn’t this a strategy meeting to come up with that plan?
Yes, exactly. That’s why I’m telling you how unlikely it is.
I see.
As I told you yesterday, Captain Agatsuma has her followers, and Captain Yugao has the SST behind her.
Even if we manage to lure them underground, knowing them, they won’t come without backups.
Putting all of them under the rubble... does sound unlikely to happen.
Besides, Captain Yugao says that the coal mine makes her sick. I don’t know why, though.
Maybe she wet herself there.
You, come to the staff room later.
Big sorry, bro.
P-Pee...
Never mind, don’t worry about it... Seriously, don’t ask!
R-Ro... Roger...
Also, from next week, we’ll have to start the preparations for the Correctional Exhibition.
Correctional Exhibition?
Right... it’s your first time.
Yes.
I’ve heard the name a few times, but that’s about it.
Correctional Exhibition.
Judging from the sound of it...
An event where everyone gets naked?
Amazing.
We’re better halves!
You two really get along well.
We’re better halves!
When I try copying her, Kurebayashi looks really happy.
Ever heard of the word ‘correctional?’ They call places like this prison ‘correctional facilities’...
I’ve heard of it.
Good. So, this ‘Correctional Exhibition’ is an event where they open up these correctional facilities to the public.
Normal people are going to come here? To the island?
Yes. Kind of like a prison festival, you could say?
Sounds fun.
On the day itself, all the inmates are confined to their cells.
......
Loners like you probably wouldn’t enjoy a cultural festival anyway.
But I have you.
Stop it...
Oh, ooooh...
For some reason, both Kurebayashi and Chisato blush.
Dr. Higuchi smiles while Sofurin looks at us, confused.
(END)
Hm! Hmn!
Are you choking?
I’m not...! Cough...
She’s totally choking.
Now I was...! Anyway, back to the topic... the exhibition.
The prison’s ‘open day.’ Every prison is doing it.
What do they do?
They exhibit and sell products made through prison labor. That promotes awareness about prison labor and its importance.
In some places, they even sell boxed lunches like the ones inmates eat in prison.
Leftover lunch?
Sounds good when you say it like that, leftover lunch.
Leftover lunch. Oh, yeah.
Leftover lunch... It’s true.
We don’t sell leftover lunches though?!
L-Left...over...
But why do they have open days?
Prisons are, in a way, isolated spaces, right?
Since people who’ve committed crimes are gathered there, everyone wonders what’s going on behind those walls, you know?
So, they do this to make things transparent and reassure everyone... I think?
Sounds like a bullshit excuse.
Well, it is just a façade.
They should advertise with ‘There’s bullying among prisoners,’ or ‘The guards are pretty easily bribed’ to spice things up.
Haha, I’d like to see that!
How about we take a group photo? We can caption it with ‘We’ve been bribed!’
Y-You’re, joining in...?
...I’m allowed to have fun.
Always being so formal can be tiring, you know.
Mm... yeah... well.
Sofurin gets even more perplexed by the overly agreeable compliance of her sister.
Ah... and there’s also the goal of making it easier for released inmates to be accepted by the locals...
Does that actually work at all?
Not really. Criminals are sent here from all over the country, and the locals aren’t exactly eager to come to this remote island.
They do call it the phantom precinct for a reason.
Even if they say it’s open to the “public,” the meaning of “public” here is not quite literal.
W-What kind...?
What kind of people are attending?
Chisato nods in agreement.
Sofurin exchanges a look with Dr. Higuchi.
Haa...
She lets out a deep sigh.
We’re a prison where notorious sex offenders from all over the country, regardless of gender, gather. And the prison guards in charge are all women.
The type of people who want to come... well, it’s those with a rather vulgar curiosity.
Isn’t it a good opportunity to throw them all into prison?
I’d love that very much, but...
Very much?
Personally... yes. But unfortunately, Japan is a country where the rule of law prevails.
Even if we were to throw all our distinguished guests into jail, we’d be the ones to take care of them. I’d rather avoid getting any more work thrown at me.
Yeah, people keep saying things like ‘the sentences are too lenient’ or ‘bring back the death penalty,’ but nobody cares about the people who have to carry out the sentences.
It must be tough.
Sofurin looks like she wants to say something profound, but she holds it back and clenches her teeth.
Perhaps something like, “You guys are the ones giving me the most trouble.”
Seems like she’s still feeling guilty about the protective custody incident, so she can’t come on too strong.
Why would both Agatsuma and Yugao want to be in charge of an F-rank prison like this?
Maybe there are perks.
Like having a say in things?
They already have that.
Sofurin clears her throat to stop us from rambling.
Once we enter the preparation period for the exhibition, most prisoners will be assigned to different jobs.
Naturally, miners are no exception. A considerable number of them will be sent to work above ground.
In other words, things will be different for a while.
Bringing the Agagao duo down there, during this period, will be quite challenging.
Even if we manage to pull it off, they’ll probably be more cautious than usual.
I was thinking of asking Sofiya to drop them off in the coal mine, but... the plan does seem unlikely.
Explo...
Chisato also looks disappointed.
So, shall we use the Correctional Exhibition?
Yeah, that’s probably our best option.
......?
The issue is how to set up the Agagao duo.
We must figure out what each of us can do. We also need as much information as possible about the exhibition.
So, first...
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
We’ll wait.
You guys are going too fast... Is it just me...? No! Right?
Yeah, I gave up halfway.
I-I didn’t...
Excuse me?
...understand...
Good, the majority agrees...
So, what’s the plan? The previous one fell through, so what about the exhibition?
A lot of ordinary people will come, right?
Yeah, but... what about it?
What if the prison guards committed something outrageous in front of them?
For example, swinging a sword and beheading a guest...
Are you trying to compete with the national box office?
‘The guard causing trouble would get caught.’
I... see...
Minato’s analogy wasn’t necessary.
It was necessary.
Why are you so stubborn...?
Even if you can control prisoners and guards, you can’t fool outsiders. Mistakes made in front of them can’t be swept under the rug.
So, we’ll use the guests coming to the exhibition.
Which means...
You want to set them up to cause a scandal...?!
Exactly.
Haa...! Another extreme idea...
I thought we were talking about finding evidence of their wrongdoings...?
Well, the goal is to bring them down.
Rather than running around looking for evidence that may or may not exist, it’s quicker to set up a scandal.
And have evidence conveniently pop up when there’s an investigation?
I think we should choose another method... It’s just my opinion, but...
You raised me that way.
Quit yapping. Anyway... Why do you guys understand each other without even talking?
We’re better halves!
What’s that even supposed to mean?
I kinda like it. The idea of Noah and Shuichiro being two halves of a whole.
I’m not sure I understand it fully.
To be honest, neither do I. It just came out.
Hahaha! You guys!
What’s going on...?
Still, inciting them to cause a scandal is not going to be easy.
Do you have a specific plan?
Not yet. We need a scenario for how to lead the Agagao duo to trigger an incident... We need a plot.
A plot...
She’s right. To make them act out of control at the Correctional Exhibition, we need a clear storyline leading up to that point.
What kind of plot would make it possible?
......?
Suddenly, something clicks.
A spur-of-the-moment idea, a flash of insight, something that briefly crosses my mind.
A story...
......!
We both react at the same time.
Right, there is no need to think about it.
Both our gazes are drawn to her.
We’ve got the perfect talent.
......?
The best story writer ever.
You’ll write it, right, Chisato?
N-No, I...
Thus, Chisato finds herself tasked with writing the story.
Hey, hey, Minato, did you hear? I talked with my sister so naturally today! Did we seem super close?!
Yeah, you did.
I am glad to see that Kurebayashi remains herself.
(END)
Sickos! Starting today, we’re entering the preparation period for the Correctional Exhibition! The Correctional Exhibition is a grand event that honors our prison! Don’t you dare slack off!
Now, don’t even start imagining ‘jack off’ jokes with your dicks for brains! Yes, I’m talking about you!
This is exactly why the world will see you as a sicko forever! So stop the wordplay!
And no, I didn’t say ‘role-play!’ You fucking perverts!
As usual, Officer Yamagishi is in perfect form.
Inmates quietly eat their meals, trying to avoid becoming the target of her abuse.
However...
Uh, hehe... hehehe...
I hear scornful laughter and whispers here and there.
And their target is...
......
None other than us.
They’ll never get tired of this, will they?
Even if we clearly don’t give a shit about it.
Besides, today’s mockery seems to have more to it.
So it seems.
The exhibition prep is starting today.
Every inmate is assigned to various tasks different from their usual routines.
We’re about to receive ours.
Welcome, prisoners. Here, we’ll handle various requests from other departments as well as application reception, accounting, and other miscellaneous tasks.
The team includes 0720, 0721, and... hm...
O-One... three, one... zero... Ma’am.
1310... 13...?
Whatever. Including myself, Sofiya Shikolenko, the four of us will be responsible for this place.
......
Isn’t it too few?
Do I hear insubordination?
May I ask how many people usually do this job?
About thirty-five.
And this time?
Four.
Isn’t that too few?
......
......
OF COURSE IT IS...!
She crumbles down.
Why the fuck does this happen just the year I’m in charge?! Taking all the staff for yourselves, fuck it! Fucking Captain goddamn Calabash, fucking Mother fucking Crazy-sa!
Language.
You’re at work, Captain Shikolenko.
I never thought I’d see the day
She looks so miserable that it’s hard to believe she deals with vicious prisoners every day.
Chisato looks at her as if she’s observing a rare creature.
Is she always... like this?
Yeah.
Don’t lie! Normally, I’m... I’m more put together... I think.
That’s right. Normally, you’re much more composed, Captain Shikolenko.
Oh... am I?
Except when you screw up, I mean.
Hey!
She pouts briefly before breaking into a grin.
It feels weird... to joke around with you like this.
Yeah. It feels strange.
Two sisters who could only ever hurt each other are now casually exchanging jokes.
The resentment they accumulated over all those years won’t disappear immediately, but it’s still touching to see nonetheless.
Was all the staff originally supposed to be assigned here taken by Agagao?
Yeah... both the guards and the prisoners. They blabbered their way into dragging everyone into one of their departments or the other.
If we get overloaded working reception, it’ll eventually affect their work too.
They probably can’t think that far ahead.
Their IQ seems pretty low just judging from their names. The Ahegao duo.
They’re probably rolling their eyes back in their heads and flashing peace signs. ‘We got all the people, yay!’
He... hehehe...
Your sense of humor sure is something, Little Miss Gloomy.
However, excluding the work aspect, having just the four of us here is rather convenient, isn’t it?
Well... yeah. It’s possible that Warden Mizushiro allowed the Ahegao duo’s high-handedness for precisely that reason.
It’s great to be able to share knowledge and information on the fly. We can use the computers too!
We can discuss our next steps as we work.
Well, that’s assuming we have time for that.
Leave it to me. I’m so efficient my own big sister calls me a genius, after all.
I know.
Minato over here is surprisingly dexterous with his tongue.
No woman can resist my cunnilingus.
Is that what you mean by ‘dexterous?’
Sorry, I just
Right.
Hey, Little Miss Gloomy! Do you have any special skills?
Uh, explosives...
Will explosives be useful to us at reception?
Maybe if someone annoying shows up?
That would be quite useful.
You can go ahead and blow up anyone you think is annoying, Chisato.
Ugh... b-but...
If you don’t plan on exploding anyone, you can focus on thinking up a story that ends with the Ahegao duo dead-eyed and twitching.
Ah... A-All right.
Also, let’s act as if we don’t get along. So that no one suspects we’re colluding.
That’s going to be hard.
You can just be yourself. You annoy people naturally, without even trying.
True.
That goes for you, too, Noah.
Me...?
An awkward silence follows.
No... need to... pretend...
I thought we did get along well.
Sofiya, do you still... hate me?
It’s not that... I... right now...
Phew...! That’s a relief!
World’s neediest little sister...
It goes both ways, I think.
It’s annoying when you say it.
Anyway, the more awkward and tense it looks to outsiders, the better. Maybe being a bit over the top would be beneficial.
I’d like Captain Shikolenko, a former Shichigahama student, to demonstrate.
If you need a demonstration... well, wouldn’t it be easier to ask the redhead? After all, she’s the one who snatched the role away from me.
Oh, not that again. How old are you? I
Huh...?
Yes?
Super awkward.
Real tense...
They stare at each other for a good ten seconds.
Ouch!
They both clutch their chests simultaneously.
Turns out, the mental burden is heavier than expected.
But well... that vibe ought to do it, I guess...
B-Breathe...
Shichigahama is incredible.
That was scary... I thought I might hyperventilate.
I’ll plug you up if it happens.
......
Was it really necessary to make it so vivid?
That kind of sparring was pretty normal at Shichigahama, wasn’t it?
There was that girl who’d switch to an operatic tone when she was angry, right?
Oh yeah, I remember! When she got worked up, people around wondered if she was fighting or practicing?!
Kurebayashi and Sofurin get animated over some inside joke.
Both of them seem to be enjoying themselves.
......
W-What’s up... Exhibitiman?
I’m... happy.
But also... lonely.
M-Making... verses?
Now that she mentions it, it does sound like a poem.
A sensation I am experiencing for the first time. I should submit it to the Tulip Times.
I’m... happy.
So, let’s act as if we don’t get along. You can do that, right, Little Miss Gloomy?
It’s a bit chal...lenging...
Should we decide on a catchphrase?
How about it? Sis, any suggestions?
One phrase that really annoys me is... ‘serves you right.’
Approved.
I get the impression she’s practiced that one a lot.
Do you want to try, Chisato? ‘Serves you right.’
S-Serves... you, right...
Yeah, that will do.
Let’s practice, just in case. Kurebayashi, can you do it?
Can do.
She coughs and clears her throat.
Hff, hff, mmm! Mmm, this deviled egg is so delicious!
It’s been served right...
They do get along well...
With that, the preparations for the Correctional Exhibition begin.
(END)
Captain Yugao has some kind of problem with the environment...?
Yes. Something about how cramped, dark, dusty, or damp the underground coal mines are.
I doubt she
Is there anything you can think of, my dear sister-in-law?
......
She’s making her ‘disgusted’ face.
The trauma from the infirmary is coming back to me.
If anything... it might be the darkness.
Why do you say that?
By elimination. This island already has high humidity, and the airborne particles are worse than the mainland’s.
As for confined spaces, there are plenty in the prison that are tighter than that coal mine.
So, by process of elimination, the darkness has to be the problem.
I can’t be certain, though.
The prison facilities have electricity everywhere, and many places are lit twenty-four hours a day for security reasons.
In contrast, the underground coal mine is designed to cut the power when the gas concentration exceeds a certain level.
It’s quite possible...
However, as Sofurin... my sister-in-law says, we have no proof.
I... think you’re right...
About Yugao? Do you know something, Chi?
Chi...?
Chisato, right? Shorten it, you get ‘Chi.’
Chi...
Do you know something about Captain Yugao?
I know, or rather... she... hates me, so.
Did you do something?
Well, that’s... ah.
Chisato weakly clenches her fist and looks down.
It’s just... how I am...
Her tone remains the same, but those words somehow echo with a tinge of loneliness.
You mean... you’re the kind of person people hate...?
She slightly nods, agreeing.
I don’t hate you, Chi.
I like you!
Now I hate you, a little.
Chisato doesn’t reply with the usual, “Serves you right.”
Poor Noah, left hanging on her attempt at a joke, ends up looking like a regular mean girl.
Maybe it would be better not to ask too many questions about this.
So, in other words. Captain Yugao doesn’t like dark places.
Noah suddenly stands up.
Scene: Yugao, entering a bathroom with a motion-sensor light.
What’s going on?
Give me a hand, Shuichiro.
Sure.
I turn off the lights.
Ahh, finally. I hate needing the bathroom so much lately. Ngh, there we go...
Phew...
Pissity-piss-piss...
Aaahhh!
Ehe, ehe... eheh...!
All right.
That was hilarious.
Hah... Pff...
As expected... my sister is a genius.
I’m really into it.
Is it okay? The noise?
Well, it’s probably fine. We get louder when I’m drinking with Eriko.
Hehe, hehe, hehe...
You’re laughing too much.
Maybe Yugao jokes are her thing.
After all, turning someone you don’t like into a toy is the most entertaining thing to do.
That’s true.
Serves her right...!
Thanks to Noah’s quick thinking, the heavy atmosphere lightens up.
Does she really hate dark places that much?
I’d much rather avoid endlessly bright places.
Right!
That one was a little in-joke for those of us who have spent time in protective custody.
Chisato is tilting her head in confusion.
Chisato, there’s no need to worry about it if Yugao hates you.
I agree. She probably hates me too—it would be weirder if she liked you!
Yeah! She probably only hates you because of the smell!
S-Smell...
Noah... Don’t worry, Chisato. You don’t smell. Look, I can even do this. Snff, snff...
Snff...
That’s rude, Sis.
Oh, sorry,
Are you... okay?
Now she’s worried about
I... I am... sorry if I... smell...
No...! I was rude... sorry...
Well, I... I only get hot water once every... five days...
Five days...?
Isn’t there a bath or something you can use?
T-There... isn’t...
Indeed, there is a peculiar odor emanating from Chisato.
However, it is entirely different from the natural bodily stink the human body can emit.
It reminds me more of the scent of the coal mine.
The fact that she doesn’t have a nose-pinching stench might also be due to the nature of the meals she usually receives.
Is it really... that bad?
Don’t you know about it? The Damned Ward?
Well... I’ve only heard gossip, and honestly, I don’t know anything about how it really is.
Even as a captain?
That place... is under a different jurisdiction than the prison. I don’t know how it works, but it’s considered an entirely separate facility.
Even though they’re connected by an elevator?
It’s like having an adult goods manufacturer and a children’s publishing company in the same office building, I guess.
That’s a straightforward analogy.
Just being in the same building doesn’t mean they’re the same entity.
I’m not like that shipyard body odor fetishist, but even I can smell something fishy going on.
The strangeness of this prison... might have something to do with that ward, I think.
......
Chisato listens to the conversation quietly.
Even if we’re both prisoners, there’s a clear difference in treatment between us.
I don’t know what she experienced in the Damned Ward.
She probably doesn’t want us to know.
Nevertheless, we are comrades sharing a common fate now.
I’d like to bridge the gap between us.
Chisato... want to take a bath?
Huh...?
You usually don’t have access to it, right? There should still be time, and it’s a rare opportunity. Go ahead.
I-I’m... I-I’m okay...
Don’t be shy. If your scent somehow transfers to me, I might be suspected of something.
That’s a deal. Sorry to interrupt our discussion, but I’ll take Chisato for a bath. Just snack on something and wait for us.
Oh, uh, I’m... Ah, ah, ahhhh...?
My sister-in-law halfway forces Chisato into the bathroom.
(END)
