......
What’s a ‘handwashing gargling peeping tom?’
Don’t ask... It just came out.
A peeping tom vigorously washing their hands and throat...?
Does that kind of thing just ‘come out?’
Normally it doesn’t. That’s one of her mysterious skills.
Handwashing gargling peeping tom... serves you right...
Work, focus on work.
Since no one comes in, our zenlike task of filling in invoices continues.
As quickly as the invoices can accumulate, Kurebayashi enters the data into the computer.
......
While the task itself lacks any substance, I appreciate how simple it is.
We can move our hands without thinking and discuss other matters.
Chisato. Anything new about that story we talked about?
I-I’m thinking about it, but...
What’s the idea?
Well, you and Dro... Drone Girl will...
Yeah?
Die...
Huh?
Me and Exhibitiman? Die?
Are you trying to start a meme or something?
It won’t go viral.
Why would we die?
For the... flow?
I feel like we’ve done this before...
Memories from the previous loop?
Huh?
You’re a philistine.
Sorry. Please teach me someday!
Yeah, I’m working on it.
But Chisato’s point is valid.
Right now, we’re clearly at a disadvantage... It’s quite a challenge to create a storyline that turns this around.
Chisato nods modestly.
W-Why... aren’t you... writing i-it?
Me?
Y-You said... you’re a... genius, right?
Yeah. I might have said that, but unfortunately, I don’t have a talent for story writing.
Is that... so?
If I did, I’d probably be enjoying some fried rice at some lousy ramen shop in Ginza right now, watching the news about fugitives on TV.
......
The only reason Minato, Sis, and even you got dragged into this mess is because my plan sucked.
If Kurebayashi’s plot had been perfect, we might indeed have escaped from the prison by now.
However, it’s done and over with. I have no intention of dwelling on it now. Both Sofurin and I bear some responsibility as well.
When the writer sucks, everything falls apart. So, this time, I have no intention of taking up the pen.
Why...? Why me?
Because he’s a fan of yours.
I asked for you.
D-Drone Girl... is it okay if it’s me?
If Minato says so, it’s fine. Even if he doesn’t have an eye for people.
He doesn’t...?
If he did, he wouldn’t be in this mess.
That’s true.
Well, that’s fine too. Your specialty is the dark and gloomy stuff, right?
I-Is that how you... see me...?
Well, it does fit the situation... Two oh-so-esteemed captains, falling from grace...
Sounds perfect for you, Chisato.
R-Really...?
Yeah, you did crush that Scatoducer guy when we were working on the game, didn’t you?
That was a masterpiece.
Exactly. Even from the sidelines, it was quite entertaining.
Yeah, I’d buy that stuff.
I’m being... praised...?
Yeah, you’re being praised. By Noah, of all people.
Yeah, like Minato... I sometimes have an eye for people.
Well, yeah, I’m your better half.
I’m being praised... Hehehe...
Serves me right...!
That’s quite versatile.
That said, I don’t intend on pushing everything onto Little Miss Gloomy over there.
If elements are lacking in the plot, we’ll gather them ourselves.
Lacking...
For example, information about Team Ahegao.
And if we don’t have enough help, we can think about how to change that...
(END)
Everyone tightens their expression as someone knocks on the door.
Come in...
The door opens.
But the doorway is empty.
Huh...?
Whoa?!
Well, well. There’s no need to be so surprised.
C-Captain Agatsuma...
Excuse the intrusion. Hello, dear Comics Code Sofority, dear Toyota.
Wait, that’s not it. Dear Sofurin and dear Noah, was it?
It’s Sofiya.
And Corolla.
Pff!
Dear Minato, you’re here too. Oh my, oh my? But there’s also a face I don’t recognize...
Dear Sofurin, are you short-handed?
She has some nerve to say that after taking our team away.
Well, we are short-handed, or rather...
If these guys were a little less useless, I could have managed. They’re just a bunch of idiots.
It’s a relief they failed to escape. These dumbasses wouldn’t have survived anywhere.
You’re the slowest one...
Huh?
There it is, ‘Huh?’ Are you deaf? Someone call the psychiatric ward.
I’m already going. I have to sterilize my mind after dealing with sex-offender scum like you all day. To cope with your constant stream of juvenile humor...
They’ve got me on |anti-pubescents|!
Not funny.
She totally thinks she’s funny.
You shouldn’t be so tense. The most important thing in life is to always be smiling.
Come on dear Sofurin, smile! Look, I think |these| will put a smile on your face right away.
She thrusts a pile of vouchers into her hands.
We’ll take care of this... Huh?
Uh, wait... Captain Agatsuma? The quantity... both this and that! It’s way beyond budget, and this has nothing to do with the Correctional Exhibition...
If you have any concerns, Sister Julia will be happy to hear them in the chapel.
She leaves the room, smiling.
Damn it...
Serves you right.
If you say that now, you just become the bad guy, you know?
Ugh...
Sofurin glances through the stack of paperwork that Sister Julia left behind.
Her expression quickly darkens.
If we go over budget because of this, it won’t be blamed on them, but on me. It sucks.
B-Blow them... up...!
We don’t want to draw any more attention to ourselves.
I see...
Can’t we get the budget sorted out by appealing to the boss? The warden wouldn’t want to miss the chance to crush these two over something like this.
True... I’m not good at negotiations, but I’ll try asking her.
Thank you.
......
Kurebayashi, what did you think of Sister Julia?
She was like a bull in a china shop... but that could have been a diversion.
I thought so too. Do you reckon she’s trying to restrict our movements?
Wait, you guys... Can you explain it so that even Chisato and I can understand?
Well, it’s pretty simple. By assigning us absurd tasks, she keeps us pinned to our jobs, preventing us from doing anything strange.
I see... But, huh? Wait, so you think she knows something about our plan...?!
I don’t think she does.
Huh...?
If she and Yugao really are in a conflict, allowing us some freedom might work against Sister Julia’s interests.
Ah...? Right, of course. Because, um...
Because we... could side... with Y-Yugao...?
Exactly. You catch on fast.
Heh, hehe, hehe...
So she’s not just harassing us?
She could be. Maybe we’re overthinking this.
If we’re correct, everything they’ve done to you until now could’ve been to keep each other in check.
Despite being in a lower position, Sofurin is still a captain like them.
There’s a good chance they are exerting pressure to avoid her becoming an obstacle.
If that’s true, even |I| might run out of my legendary patience.
Here’s your motivation to trap them.
True. After seeing us earlier, she probably wouldn’t suspect we’re collaborating.
About that... Noah, stop trying to make us laugh.
Laugh?
You made... jokes...! ‘Corolla’ and stuff...! It was close, but if I burst out laughing, it’s game over, you know?!
You were... trying to be funny...?
......
Okay, you’re right, I was.
See! She was acting like she was on some kind of comedy program...!
Sorry... I got carried away, being the top-selling car worldwide every year and all...
Stop pretending to be a Corolla!
Corolla...
Please let it go, Captain. She’s just feeling a bit too excited.
About what?
Well... being with you and Minato... I...
......
Hehe.
Stop looking so goddamn content...!
You look happy too.
Is that a problem?!
It’s totally fine.
Oh, so |now| you’re all chill, huh...
What about you and your ‘anti-pubescents?’
Let it die already! All right, that’s enough. Get back to work!
(END)
Since it’s the first day, the applications are coming in quite frequently.
Despite our efforts, the workload keeps increasing.
Ugh... another staff request. We’re the ones who should ask for more people...
I’m done entering the data. Can I help you with something?
Impressive speed. In that case...
Everyone tightens their expression as we hear a knock on the door.
Hello. I heard you’re managing with just the four of you?
Dr. Higuchi!
What’s up? How’s the medical ward?
I left it to the others. It’s lunch break now.
Already...?
How are you doing? How’s the morale?
Not good. Everyone except me is slow. We’re not getting anywhere.
Oh?
Heh. You think you’re hot shit just because you can use a computer? Huh, Corolla?!
Oh my, my.
Isn’t it embarrassing for a captain to steal a prisoners’ juvenile jokes?
Oh my!
Insubordination... you have some guts! As a reward, I’ll give you a seven-night, eight-day ticket to solitary and a bonus score increase!
Serves you right.
Dr. Higuchi blinks, watching the sudden change of atmosphere.
Oof... what happened to you guys...?
Are you intentionally creating tension so that you’re not suspected of conspiring?
She can read minds!
Impressive coming from a spinster!
Serves you right...
That’s just hurtful...
Big sorry, bro!
Was it that obvious?
As a counselor, I can figure out that kind of thing easily.
Impressive...
It’s pretty obvious if you know how we usually act around each other.
Hahaha. Given how chaotic you are, that’s the first thing that came to mind.
That aside, are you still working? It’s about time for lunch for all the inmates.
Right. Go take a break.
What about you?
I’ll stay. I can’t leave the reception unattended... and for some reason, there’s no replacement.
Well then... Shall we, Minato?
I want to help Sofurin with the rest of the invoices, but sadly, prisoners aren’t allowed such autonomy.
Yeah.
Besides, we have our own tasks to attend to.
Hey, Chisato! It’s lunchtime. You should go too.
Ah... I...
What’s wrong?
I-I’m fine... I’ll stay... I-I’m not like the... others...
I don’t know much about Chisato’s situation.
All I know is that she is usually confined to the lowest level of the prison, the Damned Ward.
I see... Okay, got it. Thanks for staying around.
Oh, by the way, want some bread or something? I brought some, thinking Sonya probably couldn’t leave her post.
Ah, uh... th... thanks...
Sofurin and Dr. Higuchi look like they understand Chisato.
I’ll leave her in their care.
As we are about to leave, Dr. Higuchi gazes at me with a gentle smile.
It looks like you’re having fun, Shuichiro!
I smile back at her.
I met my destiny.
I see!
It is a genuinely happy smile.
Let’s go, Kurebayashi.
Yes. We’ll be back later.
Yeah.
Kurebayashi follows me, leaving her sister behind.
We leave the reception room.
Eriko...
That’s me.
I’ve been... talking to her. Casually.
You were!
I used to hate her so much. Couldn’t stand her. Probably still can’t forgive her. So, why...?
Why, indeed...
There’s no clear answer. That’s why things like counseling exist, you know?
Maybe...
......?
Oh, Chisato, want a canned coffee? This one’s carbonated!
It sounds... not great.
I’ll have some...
Really...?
(END)
We head to the yard after lunch.
We need to gather information about the Ahegaos.
Currently, there’s no way we can come up with a plot to crush them.
So, we must collect “plot elements” that might be useful for Chisato.
But...
Hey, aren’t you in Captain Agatsuma’s department?
When we approach them, most people don’t bother to reply or even glance our way.
I’ve got something to ask you since you seem to be close to the guards.
Huh? What is it? A proper way to escape?
Hey everyone! The two losers are scheming up another bound-to-fail escape plan!
Depending on the person, some openly mock us.
Ah, ha, hehe... Serves you right, you scum.
You’re scum too.
Luckily, no one likes Crappymori, so no one pays her much attention.
Ugh... This is frustrating. Being avoided like this.
It can’t be helped. Blame the failed escape.
What’s with that attitude? Are you blaming me?
I didn’t mean it that way. But it’s true that we’re in this situation because we failed.
So, you’re saying it’s my fault? It’s because I neglected my duties that we couldn’t escape.
......
If that’s how it sounds, then maybe it’s true.
What? Stop shifting the blame. The problem is that you relied on me and didn’t do anything on your own, isn’t it?
You told me not to do anything...
Even without instructions, it’s only common sense to take initiative, you know? Seriously, if you think you can get by like that elsewhere, you’re being naïve.
Right, right.
Hey, what’s the ‘right, right’ about? Are you trying to tell me you can hit all the high-pitched notes off to the right of the scale? I can hit a high E too! Don’t underestimate Shichigahama.
Ahhh!
My ears are ringing.
Hmph...
Kurebayashi glares at me with a frustrated expression.
I return the gaze, equally sharp.
Enough, both of you.
Finally, someone intervenes to prevent the situation from escalating.
Feels good to be young. I won’t experience it again... You guys should leave it at that.
Mr. Kugitani!
Why are you stopping us? Mind your own business!
Yeah, it’s none of my concern. But when I imagine you young things with your bright futures getting punished like that again, it breaks my old man’s heart!
The guards are staring...
The guards act like they don’t care and turn their faces away from us.
However, it’s pretty clear that they are ready to jump in and punish us if either of us makes a move.
We’ve attempted an escape once, so it’s not surprising that we’re being closely watched.
Let’s make up.
Yeah, let’s make up.
We make up.
Mr. Kugitani looks stunned.
What’s this? You’re surprisingly quick to reconcile.
Being an information broker is all about trust. It would raise suspicion if you answered us when everyone else is avoiding us.
We thought you’d come to us if we put on a little act.
Oh...
Since it looks like you’re mediating, it’s okay for you to talk to us.
Haha. You’re right. You guys understand the situation well. Just like Long-Nail Torakichi!
Who?
I think he’s some famous ice cream mascot from Kyushu?
He was a famous escape artist. Unlike you guys, he actually managed to escape. He got caught every time, though.
That’s new.
But unfortunately, the person we want to know about is Long-Nail Crazy Bitch.
Captain Agatsuma?
Quick to the point, I appreciate that. We also want to know more about Calabash the Unfriendly Gourd.
You mean Captain Yugao? Are you guys... planning something again? I thought you learned your lesson after the first attempt.
We’ve learned very well. We’re currently learning our lesson in real-time.
It’s not just the other inmates—Captain Shikolenko has some kind of vendetta against us now too. We’re struggling.
We’re being punished for every single thing. At this point, even if we quietly serve our sentences, we’ll never get out of here.
That’s unfortunate. But what does that have to do with the other captains?
Do you know that those two are playing childish pranks on Captain Shikolenko?
Yeah, well. Even if I weren’t in the info business, I’d know that.
So, we thought about this...
If we get Agatsuma and Yugao in trouble, maybe we can get into Shikolenko’s good graces!
If we do that, she might also reduce our scores!
Stirring trouble, huh? What are you planning to do this time?
......
Curious?
Nah, it’s okay, never mind. Even in the information trade, there are things I’m better off not knowing. I’ll be the one in trouble if I find out something I shouldn’t.
Right. We would really appreciate it if you could share any information you have about Agatsuma and Yugao.
Haha, you’re joking, right? A vassal selling information about the monarch to someone plotting a rebellion? Where does that happen?
So you’re their loyal vassal?
Every guard is like a monarch to us inmates.
And if they’re tyrants?
All the more reason not to get uppity, right?
Yeah.
Hey.
If you can’t talk, that’s fine. We respect your decision.
But if my score keeps going up...
I might go mad and accidentally spill out everything you’ve done for me to the guards...
If you go mad, the guards won’t trust you either, right?
Yeah.
That’s a problem. By the way, Minato, where did you get the wall-colored poster in your cell from?
I forgot.
......
Mr. Kugitani doesn’t look impatient but rather resigned.
(END)
Geez... Even inside these walls, there’s nothing scarier than somebody with nothing to lose.
I give up. You want me to spill the beans, right?
Really? Thanks!
Even in a place like this, bonds and trust between people still mean something. Truly moving, I must say.
Cut the act, I’ll blab, already. So, what do you want to know?
There are a few things, but let’s start with Yugao.
Captain Yugao, huh? How much do you guys know?
That in reality, she commands the SST. And she conflicts with Agatsuma.
I heard she doesn’t like the coal mine.
While it might have been an option to hide information and probe, Mr. Kugitani has more experience and seniority.
Judging that any unnecessary tricks would be futile, we openly share what we know.
Well, you seem to know a lot. There’s probably not much I can tell you.
Is this information accurate?
Yeah, she does command the SST. As for her conflict with Agatsuma, I don’t have proof, but it seems accurate.
What about the coal mine?
Who knows? Nobody wants to get close to an underground coal mine.
She uses a cane; did she get injured at the mine?
Her leg was already bad when she came to the prison. There must have been something in her past. At least, it has nothing to do with the coal mine here.
Mr. Kugitani exhales as if taking a drag from a cigarette.
This is just my personal opinion, but...
Go ahead.
I don’t think it’s that she hates the mine itself. It seems more like there’s something that she despises about the environment down there.
The environment?
It’s narrow, dark, damp, and full of coal dust... Something about the environment, in that sense?
Yeah. I’m not sure, though.
That’s valuable information. Thanks.
No problem. That’s about all I know regarding Captain Yugao.
How about Agatsuma?
I know she’s recruiting followers in the prison, then taking them to her island.
Hmm. Have you heard the name of the religion she’s running?
No.
We shouldn’t say it too loudly here, but it seems to be called ‘Perverse Orthofuxy.’
Where could we say |that| much louder?
Shibuya.
I thought my ears were playing tricks on me, but apparently, the followers collectively call it that.
What are their activities?
They receive enlightening teachings from Sister Julia, listen to the words of God from an oracle, and aim for spiritual elevation... or so they say.
What does it mean?
Unfortunately, I don’t know. No matter who you ask, they’re all vague about it, and whenever I think I’m close to answers, they start throwing around religious jargon. I get completely lost.
That aligns with what we heard from Sofurin.
Sister Julia is skillfully hiding her religious activities.
The fact that no information has leaked from her followers is quite suspicious. There might be something more to it.
Infiltrating her organization unprepared won’t end well.
Who is this oracle you mentioned?
I’ve only heard about her existence recently. An oracle who conveys divine messages.
Sounds like an orgy between different religious groups.
Perverse Orthofuxy sounds... |perverted|.
And this Oracle, could she be one of the prison guards?
Well, who knows? She might be an outsider. Normally, chaplains are brought in from the outside.
I remember this from my time at the shipyard, but... sometimes the ships to the prison get canceled due to weather or other reasons.
Has there been a gathering on a day when the ship couldn’t make it?
Yes...
The Oracle only talks to the most devout followers.
So the sex cult’s gatherings can take place even on days when ships can’t land, and the Oracle is still present.
In other words, she’s based on the island.
Anything else about Agatsuma?
Well, let me think... it seems she has another adversary, besides Captain Yugao.
Who?
Somebody you guys know.
Hmm...?
We both think of Warden Mizushiro while tilting our heads.
It’s the Hatae Clan. I hear their chief is pretty furious.
Did something happen?
Well, something must have happened.
He gets evasive all of a sudden.
He can talk about the captains, but not the yakuza?
No, that’s not it.
If I try deducing the answer from the information we got so far, could it be...?
Have you ever seen any members of the Hatae Clan attending Agatsuma’s gatherings?
Nope, never...
I |have| heard about it happening, though.
Thanks.
The answer is clear.
Members of the Hatae Clan are attending Perverse Orthofuxy meetings.
This means that Sister Julia has even roped in members of the yakuza.
It makes sense that she’s being watched.
This is valuable information, probably the most significant we have gathered.
That’s all I know. If I say any more, all that will come out are the screams of a threatened old man.
Do you enjoy old man screams, Minato?
Not particularly.
Then let’s stop here.
I would appreciate it. At my age, I’m quick to fall apart.
We appreciate all the information you’ve given us.
No problem. The timing’s just right, to be honest. If either of those two got too far ahead, it’d be trouble for my information-brokering business.
Besides, you guys are fun. Way sillier than most of the threats I get.
Minato has a surprisingly silver tongue.
Stop it. I’m blushing.
Well, us prisoners are always looking for entertainment. And you guys are planning something again...
I look forward to seeing what you’ll come up with next. Not because of the threats or the payment, just personally.
Look forward to it. We’ve got a top-notch script ready this time.
Mr. Kugitani laughs joyfully.
Well then, let’s call it a day.
Let’s say you came in to mediate but failed to stop our fight. I’ll leave first, cursing at you.
Come to think of it, that |was| our setup.
It seems more natural than suddenly reconciling and going home together.
All right, please do.
Ha! What a waste of time! Baldies are truly useless.
Kurebayashi spits out her venom before turning her back.
Laughter and mockery echo around her.
......
She always seems genuinely happy when cursing. I enjoy seeing her like this.
So, Drone Girl? You’ve got a girlfriend who suits you, there.
Girlfriend?
Oh, no? Was I wrong?
Kurebayashi is my better half.
Better half? What’s that?
I don’t know. But I heard that’s how you call that kind of relationship.
What did you do with your ‘better half?’
......
Something I can’t tell you about.
You really... Oh, is that young people slang?
What did you call it back then?
Lovers.
Lovers, huh?
......
Lovers...?
(END)
