All right.
The guards disappear, the warden disappears, and so do the followers.
Now, only the three of us remain. Me, Noah, and the oracle.
If you value your life, it’d be wise to follow us.
Rin Hanamaru.
Gggg...grr...!
As I thought, she is the woman under the veil.
She bares her fangs, glaring fiercely at us.
You little turds...! How the hell did you figure out that I was the oracle?
We sent drones to investigate the workshops assigned to Agatsuma. You’re the only one who’s never there.
A very simple reason.
You might have worked with Agatsuma to hide where you were supposed to be...
But we have the warden on our side.
We can easily find out where the prisoners are assigned and get their profiles and stuff.
You bastard...!
In reality, it’s not as easy as I make it sound, but there’s no need to let her know that.
I thought that you’d be itching to get revenge on us if you really were the oracle, given your personality.
You acted exactly as we expected you to, making it easy to exploit your weakness. Thanks.
Big pikukunkusa, bro.
Could you please stop using that fucking cult’s slang?
You’re the fucking cult’s oracle, aren’t you?
Huh! I’m just doing it because it comes with some bonuses and anyway that monster Sister Julia
I’m the victim here! You have no idea what that abscess of an abbess would do if anyone dared to defy her!
Maybe when she was in the womb some leftover sperm got in her brain and knocked a screw loose in there? Or knocked it up and got her brain pregnant with crazy!
She is even more foul-mouthed than my sister-in-law.
I bet all her profiles say, ‘If you can’t handle me at my worst, you don’t deserve me at my best.’
Still going.
You’ve been enjoying a lot of privileges as her oracle. You don’t get to put all the blame on her now.
I would never! I’m just stating the facts. I’d never do something as ugly as you are.
I’m not ugly.
Noah looks up at me as if she wants to say something, but stops herself due to her infinite love and mercy.
Fuckity fuck-fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Here I thought I was getting revenge, but in the end, I was just dancing in the palm of your hand, right next to your
That’s right. But you’re just a background dancer, not the lead.
Oh? And who may that be? Our dear Agatsuma?
Not just her, Yugao too.
What?
We’ll hammer them hard and bring their crimes to light.
The goddess of victory will punish them through public humiliation.
You’ll follow our orders, and we’ll make them dance.
Are you uneducated prison kids really ordering me, a kindergarten graduate, around?
If you don’t, we’ll use the leverage we have until you do.
Not doing a single task properly, enjoying unprecedented privileges as an oracle... What will happen if the underprivileged prisoners hear about this?
Hanamaru shoots a disdainful look at Noah in response to her provocation.
When your life line runs out it’s going to be
Not interested. What matters is how you live, not how you die.
Have you been... reading Tits-n-Ass Souseki?
Noah shrugs nonchalantly.
Hanamaru, we’ve got some big backup.
If you just listen, we won’t do anything too bad to you.
What do you want me to do...?
We smile back at her wary gaze.
You’re from Seiran Island, right?
......
I got caught up in something dangerous, once again.
First, that weirdo Sister makes me an Oracle, and now it’s those turds’ turn to toy with me.
I just want to spend my days in a fun and enjoyable way, but for some reason, trouble follows me.
I’d really like to ignore that baldy, but they have drones now.
They can monitor my every move anytime, anywhere. Seriously, it sucks.
While I’m silently complaining in my head, she finally appears.
As slow as ever. She’s been like that since our school days.
Hello, hello, SST commander, how are you?
......
Nothing special. If you have a problem, you should talk to one of the COs, not me.
Well, then...
She tries to pass by me.
Wait
......
Huh?
Eh...? W-Wait, don’t tell me... you’ve forgotten me?! Rin, Rin Hanamaru!!!
Rin... Hanamaru...
......
Ah!
You really did forget, huh...?!
I remember. You’re Ran’s sister...
Remembering now doesn’t mean you didn’t forget! And I’m not
If she has a bad memory on top of being slow, she’s truly a lost cause.
Well, whatever, now’s not the time for that.
Well, if you’ve remembered, that’s good. As former colleagues, how about a little chat?
I can’t. That’s in the past. Now you’re a convicted prisoner, and I’m the security team leader here to enforce that.
Hmm... You’re quite straightforward for a slowpoke softy.
I’ve been told to watch my mouth. I’m not very smart, you know.
Anyway...
Cutting off the conversation again? That takes nerves.
Watch this. I’ll make her bow and beg me to talk to her!
I’m Agatsuma’s oracle.
Huh?
There, she stops.
Now, know your place and bow. Beg me for details!
Whatcha mean?
It’s ‘what do you mean?’
Huh...? That’s what I said, right?
I click my tongue.
That’s right, that’s how she is.
Not exactly bright enough for sarcasm or sophistry.
See, this is why First Squad sucks...
Is there a connection between First Squad and you being the oracle?
No, there isn’t. Come
Is it true? You being the oracle?
She fires off another question without waiting for a proper answer.
Can’t she shut up while I answer her first question? It’s like she’s never heard of the one-question, one-answer concept.
Nevertheless, it’s a question that I was expecting.
Here. I’ve written information on this that should convince you I’m the oracle.
I hand her a folded paper, containing information about Agatsuma only the oracle would know.
Ohtabe instantly tries to inspect the paper.
Oh, you wouldn’t understand what’s on it. Just pass it on to your master.
To Captain Yugao?
If she reads the information I wrote there, there’s no doubt she’ll understand that I’m the oracle. She’s quite intelligent, isn’t she?
Yeah... got it.
You say one nice thing about Yugao, and look how compliant she gets. The woman must give out 
Ohtabe glances around, wondering if anyone saw us.
There’s no one here, dummy. I brought you here after the baldy and the redhead cleared out the place.
Despite being a bit wary, Ohtabe looks relieved that there are no people around.
She takes off her iron mask, revealing her face to me.
Oh right, that’s what she looks like.
Even after all these years, the same flat, lifeless, useless face.
Just looking at it makes me feel useless too.
Also, seriously, isn’t she wearing too many hairpins? Is she keeping them as pets?
What a change in attitude when I mentioned being the oracle... Is it because Captain Yugao has a grudge against Captain Agatsuma?
Yeah. She wants to resolve it as soon as possible.
I can see why Yugao told her not to talk to prisoners.
I’m barely even probing here, and she’s running her mouth about the whole operation.
Actually, I’m really sick of Sister Julia’s fake kindness. We’d be better off if she died.
You too, Rin?
Really, she’s like a broken record. ‘Lord’ this, ‘Lord’ that, Lord, won’t you shut up already, you one-note nun!
What’s up with that slurping name anyway? Right?
She does have a weird name.
Julia... Shulia... Shlurpia... slrp...
Ah! Reminds me of Seiran Island.
Yeah... That’s why I thought I should reveal that I’m the oracle to an old friend.
Does it mean you’re planning to make a move against Captain Agatsuma?
That’s the plan. You’ve gotten pretty smart, haven’t you? You used to be like a foolish three-year-old, now look at you, as wise as a senile old man!
Really? Maybe it’s thanks to Captain Yugao.
It’s probably thanks to Yugao.
Ohtabe looks genuinely pleased by that.
Dealing with someone who doesn’t get sarcasm is really boring.
Following that fool, Agatsuma, would only lead to destruction. That’s why my wise self has decided to align with the wise Yugao.
Yeah. That’s wise.
Cut the flattery. If you’re a one I’m merely a ten thousand.
She nods.
Seriously, what an idiot. Fool. Buffoon. Half-wit.
Even I, literally the world’s most reasonable person, am getting frustrated by her lack of response.
......
Maybe it would be interesting to expose those baldies’ schemes right here.
If I tell her that they’re planning to fuck Yugao over...
That’ll make them panic, and I’m one hundred percent certain that Ohtabe will hear “fuck Yugao” instead.
The most satisfying moment of my life was when I destroyed the jigsaw puzzle my sister received for her birthday right before she finished it.
The expression on her face... that memory gives me goosebumps.
There’s nothing more satisfying than destroying something that someone else has worked so hard to build.
Imagine how exhilarating it would be to crush their plans.
Just thinking about it sends shivers down my spine.
Goosebumps.
But you see...
However...
I’ve got a secret about Sister Slurp.
That’s not my style.
If I were to do something like that, everything would be exposed to the light of day.
Including the fact that I’m the oracle.
And 
A secret...?
Yeah, she’s planning to take on Captain Yugao during the Correctional Exhibition.
To take on... What do you mean?
Kill her. Literally.
Eh...? K-Kill Ms. Hazuki...?
You do know that she’s been recruiting Hatae’s members, right?
Ohtabe nods with a very serious expression.
Seems like even their chief has yielded. The entire clan is under Agatsuma’s control. Even if they’re hiding it.
So... why Captain Yugao?
Because Captain Yugao is a thorn in her side. A hindrance to the ideal prison she envisions...
During the exhibition, she’ll have a hitman from the Hatae Clan come to the island. His name is Goro Kiryu.
Goro Kiryu...
Then, he’ll approach the innocent Captain Yugao and...
Bang!
......!
That’s the story.
That’s...
That’s a sloppy explanation. But Ohtabe, true to form, completely buys it.
All the details are on the paper I gave you. If you show it to Captain Yugao, she’ll understand everything.
I see...! I... I have to tell her right away...!
Thank you, Rin. You’ve been a great help. I’m sorry for being cold at first.
No, no, don’t mention it.
Well then!
Ohtabe rushes off immediately.
Yugao is supposed to be off duty today, so where is she going?
Fools’ bodies tend to move before their minds do.
Heh.
As expected, I breezed through it.
Mission complete.
It’s a shame I couldn’t thwart the plans of those baldies, but making Agatsuma and Yugao cry won’t be too bad either.
If I bring down the baldy and the redhead first, I’ll end up being a sacrifice too, and I won’t get to see their miserable faces.
Every bit of irony, provocation, mockery, attack... everything I do is driven by the sole desire to witness the twisted, pitiful expressions on their faces.
That sensation, when you witness it firsthand, feels like lightning striking your skull.
I live for that moment, crave it, yearn for it, and desire it more than anything else.
If I can’t witness it, there’s no value or meaning in doing anything.
So, I won’t crush them today.
When the time comes, I’ll obliterate them.
I’ll revel in the satisfaction of seeing their arrogant faces contorted in despair right before my very eyes.
Hmph...!
(END)
Is it ringing?
I shake my head.
She might be sleeping... it’s already midnight.
Plus, we’re calling from an unknown number. If she’s cautious, she won’t answer...
Hello?
I reach her the moment I am about to give up.
Hello, Sis? It’s me.
Me...? Shu, honey?
Yeah, it’s Shu.
They all look at me, probably thinking, “Shu? 
My brother is in prison, and he can’t place calls at this hour. Goodbye.
......
I didn’t know she was capable of answering coldly to suspicious people over the phone.
Are you an idiot?
I call again.
What is it...?
She picks up.
Sex... is good.
SHUUUUUU!!!
Why?
Your family environment is concerning.
That’s... rich coming from... you...
Shu? Oh, Shu! I’m surprised. It’s a different number than usual... You’re calling me so late, too...
I’m calling from a different phone.
Oh, I see. Wow, I’m happy...! I’ve been waiting for your call! How have you been? Are you doing well?
It’s been a while since I heard my sister’s voice. I’m genuinely moved.
Setting aside the reason I called, I want to hear about her.
Many things happened...
Tell me about it! I have plenty of time right now.
Well, actually... I was in protective custody until recently.
Protective custody? Did... you get hurt?
I didn’t get hurt.
In the prison, there’s a place called ‘Protective Custody,’ where the guards put those who they think need protection.
Oh, I see! So they want to protect you! Does that mean you’re a favorite among the guards?
Could be.
Oh, I see... Ah, sorry. I’m about to cry again...
Shu, you’re doing so well... Boohoohoo...!
I have one more thing to report.
Boohoo, boohoohoo...!
I have a new big sister now.
Boo-hoo-hoo
What a voice!
Oh, sorry about that. I got carried away, so my actress voice came out. Chima and Lou are looking at me like I’m a weirdo...
But what’s the deal? A new sister... what does that mean?!
I gained a sister-in-law.
In-law...? Um, you got a sister-in-law... Getting a sister-in-law means... basically...?
You got married in prison?!
Not yet, but I plan to marry her eventually.
I briefly talk about Noah, Sonya, and also Chisato.
Boohoo, boohoohoo...!
My sister lets out a bewildered but happy shriek, then gets right back to crying again.
She cries so much that she might damage her throat.
There’s still a lot more I want to tell her, but I’ll save that for another occasion.
Let’s move on to the main point.
Hinako, do you remember when you said you’d always be there for me if I needed help?
Of course! Your sister is ready to help you no matter what! I’ll jump through fire, into water, or up your girlfriend’s skirt!
There’s something I’d like to ask...
Yeah! I’ve got your back!
She agrees before I even say a word. I appreciate the feeling.
However, I can’t skip the details.
I carefully explain our plan and the course of events to ensure there’s no misunderstanding.
I’ve got your back!
Her answer doesn’t change.
How’s your heart doing?
It’s fine. If it were that fragile, I wouldn’t be able to handle being a voice actor! Thanks for worrying.
More importantly, I’m happy that you’re asking for my help... You know, I... Boohoohoo...!
Today, she cries even more than usual.
I’m relieved to see she hasn’t changed. Sonya urges me with her eyes to hand over the phone.
I’ll take over the call. This is Sofiya, one of the officers here. Nice to meet you, Hinako.
Eh, Sofiya?! You were there? Sorry, I’ve been crying so much...
No, don’t worry about it. I should apologize for asking something unreasonable so suddenly...
No, no, it’s okay! It’s only natural! Thank you for always taking care of Shu... I mean, Shuichiro!
It’s refreshing to hear Hinako in grown-up mode.
As if telling her to say hello too, my sister-in-law passes the phone to Noah.
Um, uh... Hello... um, I’m Noah. Shuichiro has... helped me a lot.
Noah! I’ve been dying to meet you! Although, we haven’t really met. You and your sister project your voices really well, you know that?
Um, what was it... Oh, right!
I’m Hinako, your new sister-in-law, apparently. Nice to meet you, Noah, honey!
Uh... Uh, um... I’m a bit awkward, but nice to meet you... Uh, s-sister.
Sister! Eek...! I never thought anybody would be calling me that so soon!
Noah takes a deep breath as if finishing a task.
Then, she hands the phone over to Chisato.
I...
Her perplexed side eye reflects her inner thoughts, “Why me?”
And silence.
I imagine my sister tilting her head in confusion on the other end of the line.
This... This is... Chi... Chisato...
Chisato! I’m surprised. You have a great voice too!
R-Really...?
Though she seems a bit timid, Chisato looks happy.
With this and that, everyone ends up talking to my sister, and we finally hang up the phone.
She’s great, isn’t she?
Yes.
She can’t compete with my sister though!
They’re both your sisters.
Huh... right. Right?
She praised me... said I had a pretty voice... hehe, hehe, hehe...
Everyone seems to like my sister. I’m glad.
The plan is going well. The pieces are falling into place.
Let’s keep pushing forward like this until the exhibition...
I bet they’ll use that every chance they get...
(END)
The moon sets, and the sun rises.
The Correctional Exhibition is getting closer every day.
We’ve become quite accustomed to the tasks, and our working speed has increased dramatically.
Clickity-clack, clickity-clack, clickity-clack...
Noah’s typing speed has grown to monstrous proportions.
Whoa, that’s so fast.
She’s a super hacker!
Real noisy...
I’m just randomly hitting the keys.
Do your job, idiot.
I’m doing the most!
Incorrigible...
Noah, why do you seem to be having fun?
Hm... I’m just really excited, somehow...
I get it. Like when you get randomly excited during the school festival’s preparations, right?
Yeah. Even if I haven’t really participated in a school festival before.
Same here.
Ditto...
I know... Well, since it’s your first, gotta put some spirit into it.
Our first festival is behind bars. Quite fitting for us.
It’ll be fun with this team.
A farewell party... at the festival...
As we walked towards the same goal, a strange bond formed between us.
If our plan succeeds, this relationship will come to an end.
I feel a bit reluctant, suddenly.
Even if we fail, it will be over...
Exactly.
If we cozy up thinking everything is going smoothly, something might catch us off-guard.
We must not forget how crucial this is.
Hey, comin’ in.
Chief!
We ran out of red and yellow paint. Can we also get some tape? Masking. Three rolls each should be enough.
W-Wait a moment.
Chisato quickly heads off to get it.
We won’t be needing this anymore. You can get rid of it.
The Chief places a paint can on the floor. A skinny, used-up roll of tape lies inside.
The Chief chuckles as she watches Chisato diligently gather supplies.
Hahaha. Seeing Darlin’ Darkness here brings back some memories!
Seems like we’re inseparable.
Till death do you part. Oh, by the way, kid...
She shifts the conversation as if just making small talk.
The gang is on board. I can arrange for some support on the day.
Thanks.
The Chief smirks, delighted.
What about you, Darlin’ Darkness?
Is... Is this... it?
Yeah, that’s the one. Thanks.
The tools seem like an extra. Surely the words she uttered earlier were the main point.
Her business being dealt with, the Chief reaches for the doorknob.
Hello there!
Suddenly, the door swings open and a strange woman barges in.
Oh? What’s this? What is the dear little thug here for? Intimidation? Planning to threaten the dear little sheep, lean on my poor lambs, perhaps?
Don’t you know...? Two things’re off-limits for the yakuza, and those things are drugs... and the lam.
The Chief nonchalantly dismisses Sister Julia’s remarks and leaves without waiting for a response.
Why on earth would lamb be off-limits?
I live for prosciutto!
Without missing a beat, she continues.
Hello, dear E-Sof-R-B, dear Prius. ‘Punk’ really sounds like ‘Junk’ don’t you think?
It’s Sofiya.
Coroll—
Noah quickly looks away from the daggers Sofiya stares at her.
What do you need?
Am I not allowed to pay a visit if I don’t need anything?
My sister-in-law falls silent.
It must be tiring to endure this every day.
She looks at us, smiling without submitting in any form.
Did that dear little gang leader say anything strange?
There it is. Just as expected.
Sister Julia believes that Yugao and the Hatae Clan are out to get her.
And this is the reception for the exhibition, where key people from each department come and go.
Looks like she came to gather information from people unrelated to Yugao or Hatae.
Without realizing that we do have a connection to this—a pretty big one.
She just came to get some supplies... Hey, scumbags. Did you hear anything?
She talked to you, Baldy. Did she say anything?
I don’t know. She didn’t say anything important.
Come on, just spill it... Baldy...
Accustomed to our daily exchanges, Chisato finally starts hurling insults too.
I’m deeply moved.
Don’t you remember...? Baldy with d-dissociative amnesia... Lex Luthor...?
The blade of culture is really sharp today.
She didn’t say anything special. Just something about disposing of the paint can properly.
Paint can?
Apparently they no longer need it. But she’d thrown some trash in the can, too, and the paint got all over it... It was very inconsiderate to those of us who have to do the rest.
It’s not like we’re the ones doing it.
Huh? What’s that attitude? I’ll call the...
Dear Sofurin, aren’t you the ones assigned to garbage disposal?
Yes. But we asked the SST to take care of it since we have too few people to deal with it.
I see. The dear SST...
Sister Julia crafts a smile, creepier than usual.
I’ll borrow this for now.
She snatches the can away with a move that looks difficult for a vertebrate.
Coming iiin!
As if she was about to vomit, she plunges her head inside.
HELLO?! HELLOOOOOOO?!
Oh?! Well, well, well, well?! Oh! You, you! No way! Really? No way?!
1D disbanded?!
She sinks her face into the can, yells, makes strange noises, and finally...
She silently lifts her face.
She puts the can down.
Excuse me.
Suddenly composed, she bows politely and leaves.
(END)
It’s the calm after the storm.
This prison is really weird.
You’re only realizing this, now?
Everything Noah said was true.
D-Did she notice?
From that reaction, I’d say she did.
On what was left of the tape thrown into the can...
The following message was barely legible.
Correctional Exhibition,” “For the yard” “Request” “Masking Tape x1.
At first glance, it looks like a routine note for preparing the exhibition.
However, according to the Chief, it’s encoded.
It apparently means, “On the day of the Correctional Exhibition, guide the target to the yard. Send in an armed assassin.”
Additionally, each roll of tape has an identification number to ease the logistics, but only the number eleven is circled.
This signifies “execute at eleven,” I think.
I’d have no idea if she hadn’t told me. I heard that using coded language and signals is almost common sense among the yakuza.
Does this code really work?
The Chief said it does with these people.
It doesn’t matter whether or not she deciphered the code. To Agatsuma, it looks like the Hatae Clan is sending a secret message to Yugao.
She’s right.
What we said about the SST taking care of the trash was completely false.
But we knew Sister Julia would react to it.
The SST are under Yugao’s direct orders.
If they were collecting trash discarded by the Chief, then the Chief might as well be passing the garbage directly to Yugao herself.
That clever nun instantly grasped that. She then found a secret message sent by the Chief to Yugao.
They’re in cahoots and she’s outsmarting them.
Or at least, that’s what she thinks.
Still that’s rather tedious. Why would they go through all that trouble to communicate?
Communicating without meeting directly, keeping in touch without having a point of contact. Feels real, doesn’t it?
So secure, they’re not really in contact at all.
Things are going smoothly.
It’s all thanks to our strategist.
As expected, Chisato.
I... I thought... the worst thing, could happen to her would be, if she thought she was winning... but actually, she was playing... right into our hands...
You’re so mean. I like that about you, Chi.
Hehe, hehe, hehe...
Switching the story to make the Ahegaos the protagonists was a good idea.
Thanks to that, Chisato is demonstrating her abilities to the fullest.
Then...
Excuse me.
Here she comes. I expected her to show up soon.
As soon as Yugao arrives, the smile disappears from Chisato’s face, and she avoids eye contact.
It’s not an act. She’s genuinely scared.
I heard that Julia was here just now. Did she say something?
As expected.
The only information that Yugao has is what we fed her through Ohtabe.
Seeing how paranoid she usually is, it’s no surprise that she didn’t trust such secondhand information blindly.
Looks like she came here to confirm the info she got.
Nothing particularly strange... Well, she always says strange things anyway...
Why did that woman come here?
I don’t know. She had no application or anything. Oh, right. Hey, 0720, throw that trash away.
......
Without answering, I conspicuously lift the paint can.
What’s that?
She asks as we expected her to.
Oh, 0019... Hatae brought it. After that, Captain Agatsuma came, checked the inside of the can, and then immediately told us to throw it away.
Boy, hand it over. Natsumi.
Yes. I’ll take that.
Commander Ohtabe snatches the paint can.
Examine it.
Yes. Used tape and... more tape. That’s all, nothing special.
Show me that tape.
She doesn’t even try to hold it in her own hands. The queen has 
Ohtabe obediently shows her the remnants of the tape, one by one, carefully.
We watch in silence.
Next, this one.
And then, internally, I smirk.
Because Yugao breaks into a victorious grin.
Gotcha.
Did you see that? You belittle Chisato, and yet you just fell right into her trap.
Did you and Captain Agatsuma... find anything special about that tape?
Nothing that concerns you. Let’s go, Natsumi. We don’t need that anymore.
Yes... Here. Take it back.
I take the paint can back. Honestly, I don’t need it anymore either.
Thinking she has evidence of Hatae and Agatsuma colluding, Yugao turns her back to us.
She doesn’t suspect Chisato’s trap at all.
Serves you right...
To be honest, I didn’t hear anything.
It was such a small, insignificant voice that it could easily be hidden by the sound of the wind.
Huh?
However, the Queen’s ears caught it.
I don’t know if she truly heard it or not.
She hates Chisato and could very well be looking to pick a fight.
I’m not even certain if Chisato said anything in the first place.
No one heard her speak—no one but Yugao.
Did you say something, sewer rat?
She heard it.
Did you say something?
Those few words carry intense pressure.
......
Chisato is already trembling. She’s too frightened to even utter a word.
This reaction is not normal.
Ignoring me again? You’re quite bold...
Yugao raises her cane.
Given the situation, it probably won’t go as smoothly as before.
However, if she recklessly provokes us and draws attention to us...
I’ll remind you how presumptuous it is for you to even be here!
Uh...?!
The cane, transformed into a weapon, flies straight toward Chisato’s heart.
It stops right before hitting.
What are you doing...?
Sofiya...?!
My sister-in-law tightly grips the cane.
Please... re...frain... Captain... Yugao...
Huh? What was that?
I... I’m... in charge... of her... so...
Pff, hahaha! Since when do you talk back to me, Sofiya?
I’m punishing an ill-mannered prisoner. I’m just doing my job.
Didn’t you say that she’s useless, a real burden?
I did... certainly, she’s... useless and... a burden.
But, here... as you can see... the number of people staffing the reception room is... limited.
She struggles to connect her words.
She’s not only useless but also physically weak... If she collapses from that slight punishment, we’ll have to carry her to the medical ward...
We already don’t have enough people here... if something like that happens... you see?
Haa...
A deliberately loud, deep, deep sigh.
Well, let’s go, Natsumi. I don’t want to waste my precious time.
Ohtabe opens the door without saying anything.
Remember this when the Correctional Exhibition is over...
Finally, Her Majesty, the Queen, exits.
Yes, we’ll remember.
The people criticize the monarch as soon as she leaves.
Phew...!
The tension is released. My sister-in-law lets out a sigh of relief.
Nice guts, Sister!
Who are you...?
Shuichiro Minato!
Th... T-Thank you...
It’s okay... I’ve wanted to do that for a long time. If she gets suspicious or anything, it’ll be on me, not you.
No one... is... c-complaining...?
Both Noah and I nod in agreement.
Chi, my sister is amazing, isn’t she?
Chisato vigorously nods repeatedly.
The Ahegaos are completely falling for our scheme.
There’s nothing to worry about at this point.
No time to take a break... Come in.
Excuse me!
What is it, Officer Yamagishi?
Good news Captain Sofiya! We’ve been saying the situation was a problem for a while, and we finally managed to figure out our shifts to help!
Yeah...? Oh, good... Meaning...?
I, Himeru Yamagishi, will be assigned to the reception room starting today!
Ah...
Turns out, we do have something to worry about.
(END)
Tch... the numbers on the slips don’t match at all. With this many... Hey, Number 0721! Go to the exhibition department and take care of this.
......
Noah silently takes the stack of slips.
Answer when Captain Shikolenko talks to you, you quiet bastard!
And if you just thought ‘I’m a woman, so shouldn’t it be bitch,’ it doesn’t matter. I looked it up and a woman can still be called a bastard, okay?
Noah looks at her, puzzled.
Officer Yamagishi... As you know, we are short-staffed here. I understand your feelings, but for now, I want you to prioritize your tasks.
Ah... I... These guys keep saying perverted things in front of me, so I... Sorry!
Then... I’m going.
Wait! No way I’m letting someone who attempted to escape go alone! I’m coming too!
‘I’m cumming too?!’ Is that what you were aiming for?! You vile cunt...!
......
Here you go, Chief. From the exhibition department. They want several items for the exhibition, and this is the list.
Yeah, thanks as always... We already have that, so no problem. And this... let me check...
By the way... Kid. What I’m about to say is just a monologue, so it doesn’t have any deeper meaning, but...
We don’t have time to listen to your monologues! We have two more places to go to! Let’s go, Number 0720!
Unable to defy a guard, I have no choice but to follow her.
Good grief... Everybody’s got it tough, huh.
Hello, dear Sofurin Lite. There are a few items I need for the exhibition...
Oh, Sis... Captain Agatsuma! Of course, what is it? I can take it.
Oh, hm... I don’t mean to say that you’re attacking me or something... I mean... I’ll take care of it.
Ugh.
What happened? Captain Agatsuma? Captain Agatsuma...!
Is your task still not done over there? I’ve run out of things to input! You’re too slow.
T-Typing is... fast...
Not fast, ‘faster.’
It means... the same thing...
Why are you guys always so confrontational?! We’re colleagues working together, so get along a bit better! We’re badgers of the same hole!
Captain Sofiya, did you know that ‘badgers of the same hole’ is not synonymous with ‘hole brothers?’
I know you thought it was the same.
Haha, no way! It’s just a proverb! But... if two badgers were brothers, and they
I guess they would.
This is getting complicated...
A real, badger hole...
What an unexpected turn of events... No matter where we go, she tags along.
Mind your words, she’s right next door.
I didn’t know...
I didn’t want to know.
Do you think she heard Noah giving me a blowjob?
...I just told her that I suck loudly on my dildo when I masturbate.
Do you think that made it any better...?
Not... really.
So, you do masturbate too...?!
Don’t ask me that right now... Not that I’d answer if you asked me another time.
It’s hard, having our comings and goings restricted...
Yeah, and the worst is having to pretend like we don’t get along all day long because of Officer Yamagishi...
If it continues like this, Chi’s plan may fall apart.
Isn’t there a way to fix this?
Sending her back... to the other departments...
No... we’re supposed to be short-staffed in the reception room. It would be suspicious to transfer her elsewhere.
Plus, knowing her, she’s probably worrying about me. She won’t back down easily.
Even the four of us together can’t come up with a strategy to get rid of Officer Yamagishi smoothly.
It’s honestly an unexpected development.
We had two captains dancing in the palms of our hands, and now she’s single-handedly pinned our hands behind our backs.
Let’s change our perspective...
As soon as I say that, my sister-in-law makes a very displeased face.
What is it, my dear sister-in-law?
When you start saying things like that, I usually have a bad feeling... Well, whatever. Go ahead.
Let’s tell Officer Yamagishi about our plan too.
She furrows her brows as to say, “Told you!”
(END)
