Thank you both for coming.
I straighten my back and bow.
Captain Sofiya might be used to this, but I rarely get called in here.
What could this be about?
First, Captain Shikolenko, how is everything going?
As reported earlier, preparations for the exhibition are progressing smoothly.
I wonder what this is all about. It doesn’t seem to have anything to do with me.
However... there have been some minor obstacles recently.
Why is Captain Sofiya looking at me?
Is there something behind me? Maybe something obscene?
It’s bothering me.
But now, I’m in front of the warden. It would be rude to look elsewhere.
Officer Yamagishi, are you looking for something?
Huh...? No! I wasn’t searching for anything obscene!
Seems like my head moved unintentionally.
I have to be careful. I’m in the presence of Warden Mizushiro, and I owe her a lot.
All right. Officer Yamagishi, I’ll be straightforward.
Please cooperate with Captain Shikolenko and the three inmates from the reception room.
C-Cooperate? You mean, you want a prison officer to cooperate with inmates?!
That’s... what I said. It didn’t get through?
N-No... it got through.
I don’t mind cooperating with Captain Sofiya because she’s my superior officer.
But those inmates... Why do I have to cooperate with them?
I’m suspecting that Captain Agatsuma and Yugao aren’t fit to be captains.
Therefore... on the upcoming day of the Correctional Exhibition, I’m considering testing whether they are truly suitable for that position.
Testing...?
......
Since it’s a surprise inspection, this matter is a secret from both of the other captains, and so our two failed escapees are laying the groundwork in my stead as their punishment. Understood?
Yes... I understand.
Good. You’ve become more perceptive than before.
Thank you. Hm... May I ask one question?
What is it?
What would happen if... you were to determine that those two... |aren’t| right for their positions?
A foolish question. This is essentially a test to gauge their suitability. If they fail the test... Well, you understand, right, Himeru?
Y-Yes, ma’am!
I involuntarily shrink.
I’ve been more confident since I became a CO, but it feels different being in front of the warden.
Two of the inmates I ordered you to cooperate with—the two who attempted to escape—will be released if the test goes smoothly.
What?! R-Releasing them from prison?
That’s what I said. Officer Yamagishi, repeating my words is not a very wise use of time.
S-Sorry. I was just surprised by... that information.
My heart is pounding.
Allowing prisoners to leave without serving their full sentences... Is this even possible?
I understand your surprise. However, I am the warden of this prison. I must uphold my promises.
Upon their success, I will release them from this prison.
Then, I will transfer them to the Damned Ward.
......?!
The Damned... Ward?
You’ve heard of it, haven’t you? A place deep underground on the island... Strictly speaking, a separate facility.
We can’t let dangerous sex offenders who go as far as attempting to escape roam freely. Therefore, we’ll exile them to the Damned Ward.
And it is, after all, outside the prison.
I see. In that case, I understand.
It’ll be a good lesson for those inmates and their naïve dreams of escape .
I’ve only heard about the Damned Ward in stories, but it must be the right place for those who try to escape.
Down there, I’m sure they’ll reflect on their actions and diligently fulfill their sentences until completion.
That concludes our discussion. Do you understand, Officer Yamagishi, Captain Shikolenko?
Yes, I fully understand.
That’s good. Captain Shikolenko?
......
Captain Shikolenko?
Yes... Ma’am.
So... I’ll be cooperating with you.
Thank you.
We successfully got Officer Yamagishi on board with our plan.
Thanks to that “surprise inspection” story, she doesn’t suspect anything.
With this, our biggest source of anxiety has been eliminated.
You did it, Sis!
Oh... Hm...
Sis? What do you mean, Sis?!
Come to think of it, she probably still doesn’t know about our relationship.
She probably doesn’t know that Noah and Sofiya are sisters, either.
I exchange a glance with Noah.
It’s better to keep this a secret for now.
We are a secret community working toward the same goal. Even though we act hostile towards each other outwardly, we treat each other as a pseudo-family in private in honor of our bond.
Pseudo-family?! That sounds like we’re fake siblings... Wait a minute, Number 0720! Are you scheming something with that obscene-shaped head of yours...?
Officer Yamagishi, cooperation.
Ah... right. Sorry, Number 0720...
No need to apologize.
Oh, yeah, sorry... I’m still a bit confused... Sorry, Sofiya...
Sofiya?
I thought the source of anxiety had disappeared... apparently not.
Could Officer Yamagishi accidentally leak information?
Don’t worry. Both captains avoid her... I mean, they are not inclined to lend an ear...
Veritably...?
From both of their perspectives, she’s someone they’d rather not make an enemy of, but also wouldn’t want as an ally.
She doesn’t seem to be such a bad person. She’s just not the sharpest tool in the box...
Anyway, the Correctional Exhibition is just around the corner.
This is the final stretch.
Officer Yamagishi, be careful not to accidentally spill the beans.
Why is a proud prisoner like you trying to order me, a filthy guard, around?! I won’t tolerate that nonsense! Right, Sofiya?!
Un...believable...
Just as we are rehearsing, a visitor comes in.
Act hostile. Please, Officer Yamagishi.
I’m well aware of that! Or did you not hear me?!
It might be over.
Excuse me.
What...?|Hey! We’ve got visitors! Hurry up and handle them, all of you!
EEP?!
Hopeless.
She was already bad, but now that Crappymori is here, she’s somehow gotten even worse.
We have to adjust to that guard and push through this situation.
Why are you so loud...?
HOW DARE YOU TALK TO A PRISONER LIKE THAAAAAAT?
EEP?!
Shouting so much, it’s like your eardrums will burst open before your hymen does!
What? Explain yourself, right now!
GRAAAAAAAAAAAAA|AAAAAAAAAAH!!!
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP!!!
Shut up already! What brings you here, Ms. Eep? It better be something good, or I’ll tie your sorry ass to a boulder and throw you into the sea!
HYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP!!!
I’LL FUCKING END YOU!
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE|EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP!!!
YAMAGISHI!
A roar echoes, and the reception room falls into silence.
I don’t need beasts in my organization. You’re disturbing my work. Go cool your heads outside. Numbers 0720 and 0721, you too.
Implied: Noah and I are to take Officer Yamagishi outside.
Roger!
Ordering me around like this... What are your intentions? You wouldn’t put me in the same hole with that filthy badger, right? Damn it! Kill me! Just kill me instead!
Noah and I exit the reception room, dragging along the lunatic who completely misunderstood the assignment.
(END)
What...? What was that just now?
Don’t ask me. What do you want?
Uh, um... I was wondering if I could get some back issues of the prison’s newspaper...
Oh, yeah, there should be some around... Hey, Number 1310!
Y-Yes...
What are you going to use them for?
Oh, they’re going to be displayed in the exhibition corner... Apparently, they’re quite popular...
Found them...
Oh, thank you. I’ll... take two each.
W-Well then, excuse me...
......
We made it through, somehow.
It... was a close call...
Yeah. I need to talk to Officer Yamagishi after that.
The prison newspaper... huh. I feel like I haven’t seen it for a long time, but it’s still being published.
I... like the newspaper.
You read it? Impressive... Oh, the poetry section is still there!
Do you like... poetry?
Not that much. It’s just... I liked the person who used to be in charge of it. She often wrote poems.
Well, nothing compared to you. I heard that your poems often get published, right?
I-I... was, perhaps blessed with luck...
Don’t be so modest. Your poems resonate with people’s hearts. It’s amazing.
......
Hehe, hehe, hehe...!
You remind me of that person, sometimes.
The one... who wrote poetry?
Yeah. Quiet, reserved... with a bit of a complex. She used to blame herself a lot.
......
Though she might not have been as skilled as you, I liked her poems. There was this short one that got published in the newspaper once...
Is your sky / Blue as well?
Just that? A brief poem. But I liked it. I still think about it a lot.
Everyone, no matter if they’re a great person or a criminal, lives under the same blue sky.
Living... No matter your environment, the sky is still blue. Even when looking up from the prison...
Sorry... Somehow, my words aren’t coming together well. I guess explaining poetry isn’t something I’m used to.
I-I’ve read that poem before.
Huh?
Back then, I read it... and thought it was a... really good poem.
Oh, you did... She would be happy to hear that.
Sorry if this is a weird question, but... do you publish under the name ‘Keigo?’
Kei...go...
Yes, I heard people... call me that, sometimes... Minato told me...
I see... so it was you.
Thank you.
Uh... um...?
She was a fan of yours. Every time a new poem was published in the newspaper, she’d come to me saying how amazing it was.
Oh... I...
M-Much... obliged...!
Haha, don’t be ashamed. I made her a promise, you know? That I’d be a |good| prison guard.
Isn’t it ironic? What I’m trying to do now is the opposite of being a good correctional officer. It’s not something you should do, making promises you can’t keep.
......
Sonya... to me you’re a... very... good correctional... officer!
Really...?
We’re back. Everything okay?
Welcome back... Yeah, everything’s... fine.
I, Himeru Yamagishi, have returned ashamed!
I didn’t know anyone could say that and |mean| it.
Officer Yamagishi.
Yes, ma’am!
In the future, when we have visitors... it would be helpful if you could just stand quietly.
Understood! I-I’m sorry, Captain Sofiya!
She’s dejected.
Well, it’s all settled now.
Yeah.
Noah.
Yes, that’s me.
You asked me to grant you a selfish request, didn’t you?
I fulfilled it for you.
(END)
I’m in a dream.
A vast plain overlooking the sea.
The scenery is hazy and vague.
Floating in the air, I run naked under the blue sky.
The blowing wind feels pleasant.
A beautiful melody reaches my ears.
Guided by the vivid sound, I run through the green grass.
Hum... hum... hum... hu-hu-hum... hu-hu-hum...
Hum... hu-hu-hum... hum... hu-hu-hum... hu-hu-hum...
Noah...?
Oh... Sorry, did I wake you?
No, it was a pleasant awakening.
I see. Good morning, Shuichiro.
Good morning, Noah.
The others are still sleeping.
They have nothing else to do.
Were you singing?
It seems so. I guess I was bored.
It was a nice song.
When I was little and wouldn’t sleep, my sister used to sing a lullaby-like hum to me. Before I knew it, I’d fallen asleep.
It came out... when I watched you sleep.
Maybe I’ll hear it again if I take a second nap.
You’ll be tired of hearing it once we’re outside. Also, it’ll be your third nap, not your second.
Oh, right.
I fell asleep on Noah’s mattress after having breakfast in our cell since we had nothing to do.
How can you sleep so much? Don’t you get a bit nervous or anything?
No. My pulse is steady.
Though it might be a bit slow right now, because I just woke up.
Let me hear...
The lights are not out yet.
I squat down in the shadow of the bed to avoid being seen.
Noah presses her ear against my chest.
......
......
It hasn’t changed, your beat.
Maybe my sympathetic nervous system is messed up.
Your entire nervous system is messed up, Shuichiro.
The entire thing?
I don’t mind, you know? I like it. Your heartbeat and you... Doing this makes me feel at ease.
Relieved, Noah closes her eyes, leaning her head against my chest.
I want to hear your heartbeat too.
Okay... but, no erection, please.
If you say that, I might get an erection.
I’ll make a note of that for reference... but even if you get hard now, I won’t take care of it for you.
When will you take care of it?
Anytime you want, in the future.
I’m really looking forward to that.
We exchange roles. This time I press my ear against Noah’s chest.
She has a soft and generous bosom.
I hear her pulse deep down in her chest.
It’s a bit fast.
I guess I’m a bit nervous too.
And your dear Shuichiro is holding you.
Hehe. It’d be nice if I was pure enough to get excited by that.
Yeah, you’re not pure anymore.
That’s your fault.
But I’m looking forward to it. I’m nervous, but I’m really looking forward to it. It’s strange, considering what’s at stake.
What do you want to do once we’re outside?
I want to eat a whitebait bowl...
Even if it’s not my sister’s, I want to eat that with you.
I see.
......
Shall I guess what you’re thinking right now?
Whenever you feel like eating a whitebait bowl, something bad happens.
Knew it!
She laughs genuinely.
You got it, better half!
When I said it in the medical ward, I got rejected by my sister.
When I said it in the duct, we failed to escape and were thrown into protective custody.
When you said it in her dorm room, your sister almost killed you.
What an ill-fated dish.
Is that why you want to eat it with me?
Precisely.
Because we’re better halves?
Yeah, halves... We both have something missing.
Even when we’re together, we don’t compensate for those flaws. Because we’re both missing a really similar piece.
There’s no need to fill in the gaps. We can just live as we are.
That’s the only way to live. We don’t come together to make a whole, we’re just two well-matched halves even when we’re together.
But you know, Shuichiro, I think you’re missing something much bigger than I am.
Do you think so?
I think, if you really thought it was necessary... you’d probably be capable of choosing to ditch me. That’s the kind of person you are.
How about you?
She laughs and shakes her head.
I can’t. I couldn’t do anything if you were taken hostage.
In that case, I’ll have to be careful not to get taken hostage.
You already did, remember?
Oh, right.
We laugh at each other’s jokes.
It’s the first time we’ve been able to take some time to talk since we became each other’s halves.
Today, there’s no prison work or anything else.
Everyone in the Obscenity Ward, the Sex Crimes Ward, and even the Serious Offenses Ward are confined to their cells.
As the guards put it, it’s a “rest day.”
Today is the day of the prison’s main event, the “Correctional Exhibition.”
We still have time, but should we start preparing, Shu?
Sure, Noarino.
We glance at the poster.
A souvenir from the shipyard.
A distant time when Noah still called me “Exhibitiman.”
Put on your game suit, Exhibitiman.
Leave it to me, Drone Girl.
We flip up the poster.
Beyond the wall, there’s a path only meant for us.
Shall we, Exhibitionist?
Take beautiful shots, Voyeur!
We enter the duct, one half after the other.
Good luck, have fun!|Good luck, have fun!
(END)
Whoa... Is that Sex River Prison? It looks huge up close!
I’d never thought I’d get to see that prison filled with perverts from all over Japan myself... I’m so lucky, I think?
While we, inmates, are idling away in our cells, the guards are busy with an unusual task.
I’m starting to feel nervous...
Why? Are you a sex criminal?
No way! It’s just nerve-wracking, you know? After all...
Soon, we will arrive at Tulip Prison! Please follow the instructions of the guards and disembark in an orderly fashion!
Guided by the guards, led by Officer Yamagishi, the first group of participants enter the prison.
I am Warden Mizushiro. We thank you all for coming to this distant island today.
Some of you might not be familiar with the term ‘warden.’ It might be easier to understand if I say ‘Prison Director...’ Still not ringing a bell for some, I see...
Simply put, I’m the most powerful person in this prison.
The inmates had no idea that Warden Mizushiro could crack jokes.
We’re already on the prison’s grounds. Our convicts come to this island by boat, just like you did.
If there was at least one inmate present, they would have called her out on that lie.
We weren’t allowed to take commemorative photos while enjoying the view of the island from the ship.
Now, this isn’t a school assembly, so let’s keep the long talk short.
We will begin the tour, so please follow the guards’ instructions.
Although it’s highly unlikely, if any trouble were to occur, the Correctional Exhibition might not be held in the future. We appreciate your cooperation.
Hard to believe that she’s the one plotting to stir trouble.
And she’s not the only one to harbor such schemes in her head.
All three captains responding with applause are plotting against each other.
I’m the Obscenity Ward’s deputy warden, Captain Sofiya Shikolenko. From now on... I will make you |inmates| realize how terrifying a place like this prison can be...
Sofiya Shikolenko, deputy warden of the Obscenity Ward and my sister-in-law, shares our goal.
I am Captain Julia Agatsuma of the Sex Crimes Ward. In your leisure time or on your days off, you may use this gym to help alleviate the lack of exercise you get in your cells.
We use this gym for entertainment events or external performances as well. Last year, former comedian Prison Chiemi came to pay a visit.
Looks there’s even ball games!
The deputy warden of the Sex Crimes Ward, Julia Agatsuma.
Looks fun, doesn’t it? I might want to join in.
Our first target.
I’ll pass... It’s weirdly dim, and it feels depressing.
A yakuza named “Goro Kiryu” has infiltrated the participants to take her life...
...Or that’s what she believes.
I am the Serious Offenses Ward’s captain, Yugao. This library is also available to convicts during their free time.
In addition to technical books for rehabilitation, you can find numerous novels to cultivate your imagination. Inmates are allowed to borrow books and read them in their cells.
Oh, Shakespeare, nice. They have good taste!
The captain of the Serious Offenses Ward, Hazuki Yugao, our second target.
That’s great... I wish I could study without having to work too.
Also believes that a yakuza named “Goro Kiryu” infiltrated the participants...
Learning proper etiquette without shame... I’d love to read that.
...to take her life...
According to the information they obtained, Goro Kiryu is supposed to be on the yard at eleven o’clock.
It’s currently quarter to eleven.
Only fifteen minutes left until that fateful moment.
The tour arrives at that fateful place.
We’ve been passing by here several times, so you might have been curious. This is the prison yard.
Convicts are usually housed underground, so on sunny days, even if it’s cold, they often come out to the ground for exercise rather than the gym. Many of them enjoy outdoor strength training.
Yugao and Sister Julia are no longer paying attention to my sister-in-law’s explanations.
Yugao is already in a combat-ready stance.
The security personnel, who are supposed to be there for the participants’ safety, are carefully scanning their surroundings.
(You might not know it, but my security team is strategically deployed to respond at a moment’s notice. We’ll catch the hitman right before he shoots, and his Hatae affiliation will be obvious.)
(I expect you’ll play dumb, Julia... but I already have evidence linking you and the yakuza from that Judas you call an oracle.)
(A catastrophic failure due to your lack of judgment, charisma, intelligence, nutrition, and a hungry spirit. Hahaha!)
She’s most likely thinking something along those lines...
On the flip side, Sister Julia is smiling as usual, but not with her usual forced smile.
She’s showing off her finest grin, imagining Yugao prostrating before her.
(Oh, poor dear Kiryu! Ordered to shoot me, Julia Agatsuma, with all his might, but doomed to end up shooting the dear devout pipitamimi guard who’ll risk her life to protect me!)
(On top of that, seeing his supposed comrades siding with me... and the Hatae Clan connected to dear Hazuki. Everyone unanimously testifying that dear Hazuki is the mastermind behind it all!)
(Oh, poor, poor dear Kiryu! No, no, I can’t cry. In times like these, I mustn’t cry. Because a smile brings happiness!)
She might be thinking something like that.
On these expansive grounds, basking in the sunlight and engaging in healthy exercise daily, the convicts’ hearts are also nurtured back into a healthy state!
There have been multiple cases of people losing weight and acquiring a healthy, muscular body by the time they leave the facility.
By striving for both mental and physical health and confronting the crimes they committed, they seek a path to rebuild their lives. Please take a look at the exhibition corner. More details will be provided there.
Caught up in the middle of this tornado of expectations, my sister-in-law continues to guide the visitors, playing innocent.
Putting her studies at Shichigahama to good use.
Not just that, of course, she’s also a proud correctional officer.
Despite being the captain of the Obscenity Ward, at the lowest tier of the administration’s caste system, she treats her calling more seriously than either of the Ahegaos.
Noah and I both know that.
Those who are blinded by power and authority have no chance against her.
And that’s not just emotional bias—no, there’s an inescapably rational reason.
Those two never lower their gazes. They have no intention of making eye contact with someone they’ve determined to be beneath them.
They aren’t watching their feet—so we’ll trip them.
(END)
It’s currently eleven o’clock.
Time to raise the curtains.
What the...?!
Huh?!
......!
It happens in the blink of an eye.
Suddenly, a figure leaps out from among the participants. The SST immediately subdues them.
What’s...? What’s going on?|I don’t know... Hey, isn’t that a member of the special security team?|Hey...! That person has a gun!
The situation unfolds quickly.
Perplexed murmurs spread in an instant.
Target captured. Weapon disarmed.
Well done, Sakamogi.
What’s going on, Captain Yugao?
Don’t worry, Warden Mizushiro.
Everyone, please remain calm. We will resolve this quickly. It seems an uninvited guest has infiltrated the participants.
......?
Yugao approaches the hitman with a victorious smile.
Well, well... I see. This way, suspicion won’t fall on you. What an ill-thought-out plan...
The hitman hired by the Hatae clan. The one that shouldn’t exist.
Goro Kiryu... was a woman, huh?
Is none other than my sister.
Too bad, Julia. I anticipated that move...
Sister Julia forces a smile in response to Yugao’s provocative gaze.
A moment of silence. Infinite thoughts race through Sister Julia’s mind.
Then, she applauds.
Oh! I see, that’s your aim, dear Hazuki!
The conclusion Sister Julia made has already been predicted by Sonya.
Yugao faked an attempt on her life to frame Sister Julia for the crime.
(Foolish even for a fool. I’m not stupid enough to let a scheme like that succeed)|—or so Julia is thinking.
Answer me, Hatae woman! Who told you to target me?
She intends to draw the name Julia Agatsuma out of my sister’s mouth.
Assumptions compound on assumptions, swirling into chaos.
They’re about to sink much deeper into the swamp.
What are you talking about, Ms. Agatsuma, Ms. Yugao?! You promised to give me my brother back if I killed the warden, didn’t you? What’s the meaning of all this?
Huh?|Huh?
Their bewildered voices overlap.
Wait, kill her?!” “No... this must be some kind of joke, right...? Captain...” “You idiot! Look into that woman’s eyes! She’s totally serious!
The murmurs of the participants, once quieted, now surpass the previous commotion by far. Some even begin to scream.
Chaos induces confusion and that confusion invites even more chaos.
The situation is critical. If even one person flees the scene, afraid, this entire place will give in to panic.
The surface tension is so intense that it feels like something is about to burst open.
The Ahegaos, despite their high academic achievements, are unable to grasp what’s happening.
And there it is—there’s the crack.
We can’t leave such a lovely crack lying around. Manners demand such angles be |exploited|.
Captain Agatsuma, Captain Yugao, what’s the meaning of all this?
Oh, poor Sister Julia, poor Yugao. In the end, being a captain is nothing compared to being a warden.
No matter how much they dislike it, a subordinate must answer the demands of a superior.
Why are you staying silent?
The warden doesn’t give them any leeway.
Her long, long life until today... is culminating in the ultimate act of power harassment.
However, Sister Julia starts laughing.
Hahaha! You should ask her!
Everyone’s attention turns to my sister, restrained by the SST and crawling on the ground.
Ugh...! Ngh... |cough|, ugh...!
Cut the theatrics! Who the hell are you?
Frustrated, she lifts my sister’s chin with the end of her cane and stares at her, her eyes filled with anger.
Haa... haa...
Ah... I see! So, we’re going with Plan B, right?! Is that it, Ms. Agatsuma, Ms. Yugao?! We’re using the dynamite to...
Enough! Drop that ridiculous act!
With her fuse shorter than my hair, Yugao snaps and raises her cane.
Then suddenly...
A deafening explosion echoes through the prison.
All eyes immediately turn upwards.
Flames are scorching the sky.
The midday sky is burning red.
No one understands what’s unfolding before them.
Who could have imagined a drone loaded with dynamite exploding in midair?
That woman said... something about dynamite...
Those words prove decisive.
Finally, the surface tension reaches its limit.
Help! Save me! Someone help me!|No! I don’t want to die yet!|I can’t stay in this prison! I’m going back to the ship!
Everyone’s self-control shatters, and they fall into complete panic.
Even those who were trying to maintain composure until now are engulfed by the surrounding anxiety and chaos.
Hysteria spreads from one person to another.
Ah... w-wait...!
In the middle of this chaos, the first one to react is the deputy warden of the Obscenity Ward—the least-respected captain in the prison.
Emergency! Emergency! Everyone, guide the civilians to safety!
The guards immediately spring into action.
Are you okay?! Please, this way!
Ah... thank you...!
The civilians are escorted to safety, some of them leaning on the guards’ shoulders.
What the hell...! What’s going on? Explain!
Captain Yugao. Isn’t ensuring everyone’s safety your duty as a prison guard?
But she...
Is something going to happen to you if you don’t deal with this person immediately?
Tch...!
SST! Help out with the evacuation! Natsumi, you’re in charge!
Roger! Everyone, follow me!
The SST rushes to guide the people scattered on the yard, directing them towards the gym.
Ugh...?!
Huh! What is it this time?
Right when the group starts moving, the flames rise up ahead.
We can’t follow her...!
Huh?
The woman with the gun was in cahoots with the captain of the guards over there, right?! In other words...
What...?
She’s the one who caused the explosion...?!
Who...!|PRECISELY!
Among the chaos, a resolute voice echoes across the yard.
Agatsuma and Yugao are villains, surpassing even the prisoners confined in this prison!
Exploiting this chaos, they plotted to assassinate Warden Mizushiro, and wipe out everyone involved, burying the truth in darkness!
A... prisoner...?!
However, evil doesn’t prosper in this world! We have now exposed your despicable plot!
......
We will deliver judgment on behalf of the heavens!
Oh... I see... It was you, it was |all| you...
I’ll fucking inhume you, baby.
Hahahahahaha!
SST! Capture them!
Captain Yugao?! We’re not done evacuating...
I don’t care! They’re the ones behind all this, aren’t they?! Capture them, security team! Shoot theeeem!!!
Roger! Ready—aim!
Yugao’s lackeys aim their guns at us.
Noah!
Yeah!
Fire!!!
We dive into the gym, gunshots behind us.
(END)
