From this day forward, you have been classified as both a lesser prisoner and a delinquent inmate.
Captain Shikolenko appears suddenly and hits me with that in the middle of breakfast.
And I have accepted the role of Special Behavioral Correctional Officer. I trust you understand what that means?
I do not.
What do you think it means, Ozawa?
It’s this system for keeping watch over messed up prisoners, dumbass!
Tulip Prison has a ranking system for its prisoners, and those who conduct inappropriate acts are branded as “delinquent inmates.”
Also called lesser prisoners, those pushed into this rank are to be near-permanently surveilled and meticulously managed by a regular guard.
This is a rare occurrence, but as unluck would have it, I have been designated as a lesser prisoner.
It means you will not be escaping my watchful eye. Number 0720!
Yes, ma’am.
Get up!
Yes, ma’am.
Your clothes are out of order. And what’s the meaning of that unnatural crotch bulge?!
This is normal, ma’am.
You answer ‘yes, ma’am’ or ‘no, ma’am’!
Yes, ma’am.
Merely giving off the hint of engaging in something sexual is grounds enough for punishment in this prison! You slacking off?!
No, ma’am.
I told you to get up, not get it up! Has breakfast gotten you aroused?!
No, ma’am.
Every once in a while, we get a sick fuck who thinks of vagina with one whiff of the blue cheese and enjoys loophole cunnilingus by rolling the stuff around on his tongue. Are you like that?!
I am not.
I said you answer with ‘yes, ma’am’ or ‘no, ma’am’!
Big sorry, bro.
Do you not even know how to apologize?!
This infraction will increase your score by 0.002 points! As punishment, no breakfast until you do four hundred pushups!
This is a clear abuse of power.
She completely made up a reason just to punish me.
Wolf down your breakfast when you’re done, and you’ll be punished again if you’re late! That goes for you, too!
G-Got it, boss!
I quickly shove the bread—a rarity in the prison—into my mouth and wash it down with milk.
It doesn’t look like she’ll let me go to the bathroom during work hours.
I hurry in line to go to the bathroom and ready myself to do my business.
Wait, what do you think you’re doing, exposing your crotch like that?!
I’ve been ordered to unzip when lining up for the bathroom to save time.
That’s for normal prisoners, not unrepentant exhibitionists! Why would we give freaks who take pleasure in their nudity the right to strip freely?!
But it’s been fine up until—
Keep your backtalk and your cock to yourself! 0.0002 points added to your score! Give me fifty squats!
The inmates in front of and behind you get punished, too! Plus 0.0001 points and thirty push-ups, now! You’re barred from the bathroom until you’re done! Begin!
Our sicko scores are numbers that show our connection to criminality.
The higher the score, the longer our sentences get.
When our score hits 0, our sentences end. 0.0001 points roughly equates to 3.6 days.
A single, small mistake won me an extra week of my sentence.
W-What did we do?! I like extending men’s anuses, not my prison sentence!
Guhh, I’m gonna shit myself! I-I can’t hold it in!
They only tell you your score once per month, and it’s hard to keep track of.
Basically, our sentences are extended without us even knowing.
A healthy body houses a healthy mind! Shut up and train the sicko out of you, all of you!
An inmate fears nothing more than the outside world growing farther and farther away without them knowing.
Listen, man, us fucking with you was one thing, but a guard fucking with you? Whole ’nother level.
Watch yourself, or who knows how messed up it’ll get.
......
This overwhelming authority is the shadowy figure that keeps us inmates scared.
That isn’t the only power they have to make us shrink, either.
Thanks to Ozawa, I learned that prisoners have the right to put in requests.
So I tried writing my petition and sent it in.
Number 0720. Was it you who wrote this request sheet?
Captain Shikolenko appears.
My toilet is backed up. I’d like it to be fixed.
Excuse me? Sounds like your fault for clogging it up.
The rights of a prisoner are easily waived with but a wave of a guard’s hand.
Don’t abuse prison equipment. Clean the toilet as punishment.
I have never thought the guards to be as unreasonable as I do now.
Certainly, I had thought they would need positions of powerful authority to keep dangerous criminals in check.
Don’t even think about using brushes or paper, either. You’re scraping off the grime and shit with your bare hands. When the toilet is clean, your heart might be a touch purer.
But I had no idea they would be like this.
You’re not going to jam a toilet if you use it properly! What we HAVE seen are cases of inmates who blew up the pipes by flushing their used tissues in an attempt to destroy evidence!
I’m the type to use toilet paper.
Why do you keep talking back? Plus 0.004 points and fifty pull-ups as punishment!
My electronically locked cell loudly opens.
The Obscenity Ward is tall and divided into multiple floors.
The pathways between cells have grates for guard rails.
Use this. It’s tall enough.
It is indeed tall enough for pull-ups.
A little too tall. Far too tall.
If I fall... I might break a bone.
You sure will.
And if I broke a bone... that would hurt.
And?
Captain Shikolenko speaks with dark eyes.
She doesn’t look like she’s joking.
I am the guard here, and you are the sicko. I tell you to do something, and you do it.
The pressure of her authority bears down on me.
If I say no, I’m looking at an extended sentence.
......
I grip the thick grate and slowly lower my legs.
Not having my feet on the ground awakens a subconscious fear in me.
If I let go, I figure I’ll break at least one bone.
I looked into you, you know.
She swipes through a tablet while looking up at me.
Thirty-two serious warnings, two mental examinations, one institutionalization, and three arrests... Quite the history you have here!
Oh, it’s not, you know, that impressive.
Did you think that was a compliment? Your chin’s not on the bar—do it again!
Just using my arms, I feel like I’m at my limit.
I feel like it would be a touch easier if I could use my lower body a bit better.
Your first exhibitionism was about three years ago. You were reported to and interrogated by the police.
Afterwards you continued your crimes while regularly attending a mental health clinic. You were warned again and again but showed no sign of improvement.
Half a year after that, you spoke to pedestrians in a populated area with your genitalia out. You were physically arrested for the first time, but not brought to court.
But two months after that, you exposed yourself again, this time on a train. You had the gall to tell a drunk man to ‘leave her alone’ and were officially arrested, then sent in to a youth detention center.
You ended up out early on good behavior. Yet not long after your release, you were witnessed exposing yourself yet again.
You boldly exposed your genitals in Shibuya on Halloween night, but there was too much of a crowd for it to be a problem.
This spurred you on. You grew more daring in your exposures and happened to be caught once on camera, leading to a viral video.
Your criminal record led to your immediate arrest and mental examination. Though examined twice, you were found to be of sound mind twice and released from the hospital.
On Christmas right after your release, you exposed yourself again and were arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer, bringing you to Tulip Prison.
She lets out a damning scoff.
Sounds like you’re a particularly dire sicko, even for this hellhole!
......
My arms shake.
I can’t pull my body up any longer.
Why would you think a lascivious piece of garbage like you would get to be treated like a human being?!
I might fall.
No. I |will| fall—
The moment I think that, my palms start to sweat.
You freaks are a social cancer! You contribute nothing to society—not a damn thing!
My grip loosens.
And right as I think it’s over.
Do you get it, you sick fuck? You drag everyone down just by breathing air, punk.
Her arm wraps around my neck.
Yet even as lowly as you are, this prison will not abandon you. We guards are here to help you, to guide you along the path to being good-hearted, upstanding citizens.
So you follow our words to the T.
Don’t think. Don’t object. Do as you’re told. Where’s my answer?
......
It seems we have a failure to communicate. Insubordination. One hundred pushups and one hundred squats—get to it!
I am made to train until my mind melts.
No matter how many times I collapse, she wakes me with water and forces me to keep going until I do all the push-ups and squats.
Something similar happened before, but that was just during the interrogation.
I didn’t feel pain as though my body would fall apart, nor did I feel like my lungs had holes in them.
Captain Shikolenko seems pretty into exercise.
Yeah, she looks like a musclehead, y’know? I used to be on the school baseball team, and let me tell you, basically every coach is like that.
I can’t stand sports with balls...
I sluggishly pull the leather out of the drum and stretch it out.
I’m so sleepy, my brain barely works.
I know it’s rough, man, but c’mon, stay with me!
My partner, Ozawa, smacks me on the back.
She’s probing for an excuse, yeah? If you show even the slightest opening, man, she’s jamming your ass into solitary.
Solitary. I hear a lot about it.
But I don’t know what it’s like.
How was it?
The hole? Shit, man, it was scary as hell. I never wanna go back.
Ozawa’s face goes pale, and he shakes his head as if to chase off the memories.
But hear me out. Word is there’s an even worse place in this prison than there.
Worse?
All I’ve heard is rumors and shit, so I can’t be too exact, but one thing they all say: once they have your ass in there...
What happens?
You ain’t getting out alive.
A place you never leave alive? A place even scarier than solitary?
And no one knows what it’s like because no one’s come back from it?
Do you get it, man? You just might get thrown in there, so tighten up and get to work!
My job isn’t hard.
All I do is spray the dyed hide to make sure the colors aren’t uneven.
There’s a number of spray cans, and I have to pick the one that matches the leather.
If I mess this up once, I’ll get yelled at.
I take deep breaths and focus on avoiding mista—
You! You there! What the hell are you doing?!
Captain Shikolenko comes in running from somewhere.
Spraying the hide.
I can see that! I’m asking you what it is you’re drawing with that spray!
I’m not—
I look at the shape I’ve been spraying. My eyes go wide.
What I’ve drawn, like graffiti on the hide is...
That’s a dick! An erect one, too!
She is right.
I had unconsciously drawn male genitalia.
Why did you draw such a thing?! Are you trying to be like Spanksy or something?!
Why DID I draw this penis? I calm myself down and think.
Sleep deprivation has robbed me of my ability to focus.
Usually, when I get light-headed, I think of my dear friend Amatsu.
Therefore, I unconsciously drew him.
Answer me, now! You think we can put this to market? We can’t! Not anywhere but Aichi prefecture!
I...
Ozawa elbows me to encourage my silence.
Sorry about that, Captain Shikolenko! He just, you know, was spacing out a little and his hand slipped when I talked to him!
You talked to him? Sounds like Inappropriate Conversation to me. I think I’ll have you punished, too.
Guh!
Ozawa takes a step back.
Captain Shikolenko takes a step forward.
I see. So, you’re sick little friends. Of course you couldn’t focus, not with your chatting about your freak nonsense.
Well, it’s your lucky day. Numbers 0720 and 0333, pack your things! You’re changing workstations!
I’m having you go down there.
D-Down there? Wait, you couldn’t mean...!
Hm...?
Rejoice, Number 0720. You won’t even have time to yawn in your new job.
(END)
......
The dark box hurtles downward with frightful speed.
It rattles through the dim passage as eighty-one prisoners stand shoulder to shoulder, packed like sardines.
We’re on a massive elevator.
......!
Is it just me, or is this way too fast?!
It moves eight meters a second—a good thirty kilometers an hour.
The destination is underground.
It feels like we’re being swallowed up by a giant.
......
The door, its paint peeled here and there, opens once we reach the bottom.
To the right side beyond it stand eighty-one prisoners, freshly off the job and in lines.
Keep safe!
Keep safe!
Keep safe!
They all salute us in greeting.
We then board the tram that’s waiting just ahead. It looks like a rollercoaster.
Each car holds two people. We stand and grip the guard rail in front of us.
Our vehicle goes about fifty kilometers per hour.
We travel about two kilometers, but it feels like rolling through a maze.
Gh...!
I cannot say it’s a comfortable ride.
When we get to a fork in the path, we switch over onto a conveyor belt.
It’s like one of those moving pedestrian walkways, going at about a hundred meters an hour.
The frustratingly slow speed only makes us more anxious.
Then, finally, we get off at the designated spot.
I look at my surroundings.
Wait, seriously?
The broad ceiling has large light fixtures attached to it, like the kind you’d see at a concert.
Spinning loudly next to them are what appear to be large fans.
Directly in front of me are a massive machine that appears to be a drill of some sort and an oval-shaped one tipped with blades that looks like a mower.
The mower’s end spins, tearing away at the stone wall.
They seriously sent us to the bowels of hell, man!
......
We are in a mine.
This is where inmates are made to mine coal.
Hey, you guys! You new here? First time in the edge!? Well, don’t just stand there—this drum cutter’ll tear you to pieces!
Oh, sorry, sir!
A man two or three times larger than even Ozawa runs up to us.
He’s as built as they come, and he scoops up a boulder fragment by our feet like it’s nothing.
I finished up the advance boring of that small hole over there, so get to mining!
Er, hey, how do I use this machine, anyway?
Huh? You think we have enough gear to pass around? This is what rookies get!
He hands us large stick-things.
Mining picks.
He’s kidding, right?
Doesn’t look like it.
Look at how tough this wall is! We’re supposed to open holes in it with these dinky little picks?!
Getting at the coal down here should require expensive special equipment, but through the miracle of prison labor, it’s possible to do it for free.
That’s the biggest reason the prison mines coal.
I swing down my pick to pare down the wall.
......!
It’s heavy.
Each swing makes all my muscles groan in pain.
It’s stuffy down here and hard to breathe too.
Goddamn it! Nothing good’s happened to me, not since this guy showed up!
It’s barely been a few minutes, but I’m sweating like crazy.
It’s hot. It’s just too hot here.
The wall has a thermometer and a hygrometer on it.
It’s forty degrees with a humidity of ninety-five percent.
An hour down here and we’re gonna be dehydrated mummies, man!
We strip down, forgetting punishment. Forgetting everything.
Haa... haa...
It’s still hot.
It feels like exercising in a sauna.
Breathing hurts, and I don’t think I’m getting much air.
Hey, don’t take off your masks! The dust’ll wreck your lungs before you know it!
Put the raw coal you get over there! Dump it on the cart and carry it over—don’t worry, it just needs a little push!
We have to put the raw coal on the vertical conveyor belt that takes it up top.
To do that, we have to put the rocks we dig out onto a chest-high cart and push it over.
Holy shit, this is heavy as hell!
Y-Yeah!
It is impossibly heavy.
It feels like it’s dozens... maybe even hundreds of kilograms.
Push with your whole body, not just your arms! What’s a guy gotta do to get some useful rookies around here?!
With waterfalls of sweat pouring down us, we use the vertical conveyor belts to send our heaps of rocks off.
Then we return to digging at the wall.
No matter how much we pick and how much we grind, the wall stands in our path.
We repeat this over and over again.
Ghhh! Gahhh! We seriously gotta do this from morning ’til evening?!
Haa... haa...!
Even the laundry room was paradise by comparison.
The coal mine is, without a doubt, the least popular prison job.
If the prison is the pits of hell, well...
This is its lowest level.
We got a cave-in! Man down!
Hurry and pull him outta here before he stops breathing! Get an oxygen mask on him!
I hear what sounds like an avalanche from the next hole over.
Ghhk... It hurts, it hurrrts... Ohh, first mom, second stepmom...!
Keep it together! And at least call your stepmom mom, too!
All of my prison jobs have been tough, but none of them have been life-threatening.
I wasn’t in danger of dying as long as I wasn’t asleep at the wheel.
You see that guy they were dragging out? He was covered in blood!
Yeah...
Down here, spacing out just a little bit could mean death, easily.
We die down here, man, and no one’s finding the bodies!
......
We’re seven hundred meters below ground.
No one would notice if we died in this hole.
The lights aren’t turning off, but we’ve got gas over five percent!
Shit! Don’t just stand there, rookies, run!
Huh?
Under my raised pick and from the corner of my eye, I notice a climbing pillar of flame.
Like a damn bursting, the flames begin to rage towards us.
Gyahhhhh?!
We start running in the direction everyone else did.
......!
There’s these raincoat-looking things hung up on the sides of the path.
Over here! Get in the breathers!
I get inside one and push the button.
It puffs up as it fills with air.
I put the respirator to my mouth and brace myself.
Right as I do, the blast of flame passes by.
Scorching heat just barely passes my nose.
Is... it over?
I think...?
We get out of our breathers.
My vision is twisted from the sheer heat.
The picks we’d thrown down while escaping are both charred, except for the iron tops.
If we’d been caught in that blast, we would have been—
All right, let’s get back to work!
Wh—?!|Huh?!
Captain Shikolenko was right.
Listen up, rookies! There’s one and only one absolute rule down here in the coal mine: don’t die! Make sure you don’t break it!
I’ll... do my best!
We don’t even have time to yawn down here.
Haa, haa... hey, hey man...
This is, like... it’s fucked, right? If we keep working down here, man...
We’ll... probably die...
This is the first time in my life I’ve broken out in a genuine cold sweat.
I go into my cell on trembling legs.
Then, I collapse onto my bed.
You must be so tired, Shuichiro.
Yeah... I don’t think I can take any more.
My arms are still twitching.
Every muscle in me complains at every motion, and heat steams off my body.
I feel light-headed, like I’m in the throes of a fever.
I pick up my journal to write but drop it. I don’t have any grip strength left.
This isn’t something I say much, but... this is rough.
And I don’t want to think about how long this will go on for.
It’ll probably be... a while, yeah...
My eyelids are heavy.
I just want to turn in early for the day.
It’s time to rest. To prepare for tomorrow.
Wake up, Number 0720!
......
I said wake up!
Huh?
I am applying Chapter 69 to enact a masturbation test!
It looks like she really loves coming after people when they’re in bed.
Stand up, get up, nut up!
With that call, Captain Shikolenko begins working me raw.
Not getting me down and training, no—just rubbing my cock.
It isn’t just me, you know. Every prison guard here suspects you of being an irredeemable sicko, one who sinks into the pleasure of rubbing his junk in the darkness!
I’m tired. So tired.
I can barely keep up an erection, much less ejaculate quickly.
Anyone who would dare to indulge in masturbation here of all places is trash, human garbage, a waste of life—and I’m going to prove you’re the filthiest trash of all!
She is searching for any excuse she can find to punish me.
I have to cum.
There has to be some way to. Some way out of this.
Wait. There is one way and one way only.
......!
Using Captain Shikolenko herself as fap material.
What’s the matter, not ready to climax? Of course you’re not, not when you play with yourself every moment you get. I’d bet my modest rubbing isn’t nearly enough to get you excited.
Her harsh eyes, her large bust, her slender legs, her smooth gloves...
That’s what all you sickos are like, you can’t fool me. You’re always getting yourself naked, clutching a sock as you rub yourself from base to tip at speeds that’d make a sports car blush.
...I stare at them all, synthesizing them into a fantasy.
That’s not all. You smear your precum all over your hands and rub the vein behind your cockhead up and down, up and down. You know who does that? Not humans, no, |beasts|—beasts or FREAKS!
How would she react if I got naked in front of her?
It’s going to take a lot more than this to make you cum. You’re going to stay blocked up.
If I spoke out to her, what would she say?
I bet you’re panicking inside, thinking about how fast you need to cum. I bet you’re wishing I would do this YOUR way—sticking a finger up your anus and tweaking your nipples while I rub.
Think. Feel. Feel all of it.
I focus my full attention on my cock, on the feeling of her fabric touching me.
Well, too bad for you! All you’ll get is standard operating procedure, not the kink nonsense you all indulge in!
I use all of them to push me to the finish line...
So just! Just give up! Give up and come clean. Admit that you’ve been loophole banging and cumming and—ah?!
...and hurry to my climax.
......!
I used the guard’s harshness against her.
This is a Cockernican Revolution.
Ejaculation time of three and a half minutes... Mostly average. Hmph.
If I were a pedophile, I don’t think I could have pulled that off.
Luckily, I’m more fond of women older than myself.
Haa, haa, phew...
Yet ejaculation is an exhausting act.
On top of draining my stamina, my head grows weary and a malaise takes over.
I can hardly think.
You dirtied your attending officer’s hand. Plus 0.05 points to your score! Drop and give me three hundred!
Nn...?!
She grabs me by the neck and brings me to the ground.
After spending a day in the coal mine, I don’t even have the strength to carry my own weight.
Don’t think I’m being unreasonable or overbearing, either. We do this to create a healthy world, to make a utopia of safety in Japan!
We need no sex criminals, no perverts. We need no sickos! Slay the perversion that infects society—even within yourself!
This prison is your world now. You need to discard your past and begin anew!
If I don’t move my arms somehow, I’m only going to get punished more.
She shows no mercy.
Do not cry! Crying means you don’t accept life in prison!
Do not laugh! Laughing means you’re thinking back to your past sicko life!
Cut away your past and forge a healthy mind and body!
Things are only going to get worse if nothing changes.
Haa... haa... Agh...
A sigh like a scream escapes my lips.
It truly is rough down here.
(END)
A few days have passed.
Captain Shikolenko’s mean-spirited punishments have not stopped.
Hey, Minato, Ozawa! Quit playin’ with yourselves and meet your day’s mining quota!
S-Sorry, sir!
Working as a coal miner isn’t the kind of thing you can get used to in a few days.
You’d better be three meters deeper by the time I’m back, or I’m taking you apart!
The foreman of our team is a strict man.
We’re given harsh quotas to fulfill, so we get yelled at the second we show any hints of slacking off.
Ghh...!
Our days go like this: crush rocks with picks, gather the pieces, put them on the conveyor belt, and get back to crushing.
Eventually, dust covers my face, and the sound of pebbles rolling in my mouth does not stop.
Urgh...!
Whoa, you too?!
Yeah, it was a pine rock!
Those’re real stiff and make you numb when you hit ’em, so be careful!
The coal mine does not sleep.
It operates twenty-four hours a day and thus works on a three-shift system.
Ozawa and I are on the morning shift, from eight o’clock to four in the afternoon.
We have no breaks other than eating the lunches we’ve brought.
Om, nom... Man, if we didn’t get these breaks, we’d probably be dead by now.
Coal mine inmates have to pick at rocks all day in a cave with congested air and earsplitting noise.
From morning to evening.
I don’t know why, but my left arm’s been hurting for a while.
You sure your bone isn’t cracked or something?
......!
Yeah, man, that’s gotta be it! Hell, man, if you don’t have a broken bone to fall back on, she’s gonna work you to death! Tell her that!
You! Number 0720! You clogging up this toilet, too?!
Captain Shikolenko appears to disturb my desperate rest.
Why do you keep clogging toilets? Did one kill your parents or something? Or are you just doing this on purpose? You are, aren’t you?!
I’m not.
Semen turns into gel in water, and half a liter of cum will clog a toilet!
I can’t ejaculate that much.
Unfortunately for you, we have the precedent of a prisoner here doing just that! And that backtalk just now was insubordination!
It sounds like the prisoners of the past really have done everything.
Plus 0.02 points to your score! Now, give me one hundred squats!
I have a cracked bone.
Excuse me? When’d you get a diagnosis? Or are you a bone professor now?
She simply will not let me rest, no matter what I say.
Do push-ups for telling that lie! Keep training your body—the pure mind will follow!
Opening my mouth only makes things worse.
Since you can’t stop yourself from destroying toilets, I’ll give you a nice present.
What’s this, ma’am?
A chastity belt.
She attaches a black iron belt to my crotch.
This is for prisoners who can’t stop playing with themselves, but it’s a good fit for an exhibitionist like yourself.
Hah! It really suits you. Now you can’t strip down—almost as if you’re human!
......
Keep that on until your exhibitionist proclivity is cured! Now get down and give me those push-ups and squats!
She keeps appearing out of nowhere to punish me.
I do not have a second of relief.
Coal miners only have free time in the evening.
We’re down in the mine during lunchtime, so evening is the only period we get to return to the surface.
I’ve seen grandmas run with more energy than that! Stand up stride! Longer stride! Two more laps!
My valuable time is wasted in running laps.
She doesn’t care when I fall. She just dumps water on my face and makes me go again.
Everything is about gumption! Moxie! And you don’t have enough of it! I’ll have you run forever if that’s what it takes to fix that rotten core of yours!
If... it’s not better after all this... haa, it’s not going to get any better...
You just keep talking back! Plus 0.006 points and five more laps! No dinner until you’re done!
......
Who said you could stop?! What do you think you’re doing?!
I’m going to... pee myself.
Excuse me? Did you not go to the bathroom during break time?!
I have a chastity belt on.
Huh? Oh, well, in that case... I give you special permission to do it here. Go on, out with it!
If you say so.
Nn...?!
Okay, it’s getting out.
Don’t tell me, I can see that!
The urine I’ve been building up since yesterday wets the yard’s gravel ground.
A small puddle builds up at my feet.
You didn’t hesitate, not even a little?
I’d reached my limit.
I had concluded that holding it in any further would deal serious damage to my bladder and thus urinated.
It was a logical, rational conclusion.
Heh, you really are a sorry sight. You think you’re a baby, pissing yourself in public like that?
......!
I didn’t piss myself because I wanted to.
I would have preferred a toilet.
Yet Captain Shikolenko wears a demeaning smile.
If it were me, why, I would be too embarrassed to walk in public.
Look! You think that’s loophole pissplay?
Even if he’s engaging in babyplay, to piss without wearing a diaper is a strict violation of Chapter 69 of the Pervert’s Law, ‘Freedom of Urination!’
The inmates on the yard look at me with derision.
I feel miserable. Embarrassed.
Gh...!
Then, I hit the limit of my stamina.
I fall ass-first onto the pool of my own piss, unable to do anything.
The captain looks down on me, eyes wholly demeaning.
I’ve never felt so humiliated in my life.
My punishment laps finally end thirty minutes later.
The bottoms of my lungs feel blocked and pained, and my legs are shaking weakly.
Some pleasant footfalls approach me in my misery.
You really know how to make an impression. Seems like you’re in a bit of a bind?
It’s Mr. Kugitani and Ozawa.
People stopped talking to me after that.
I mean, yeah. That was a lot of piss.
He hands me a cloth to wipe with.
I can’t tell where the sweat ends and the piss begins, but I accept it gratefully.
That collective responsibility stuff makes it real easy to make enemies... and that’s probably what she’s after.
The inmates who happened to be around me were made to do a total of a thousand push-ups.
It makes sense that people would stay away from me.
Hell, I’m sure a bunch of ’em saw how I got dragged in with you and wanna keep their distance.
You sure seem to be sticking with him, though. Didn’t he get you tossed into the hole?
Look, he just, you know, happens to be where I’m going, you know?
Sorry, Ozawa. Sorry for dragging you into this.
Gh... Well, whatever! Just don’t forget to thank me.
Haha. Well, the average inmate here just doesn’t want to end up on Sofurin’s bad side. That’s more or less it.
Sofurin... Why do they call her that?
She’s always hopping around and yelling... and you’re delusional if you think you’re getting any flexibility from her.
Wonder who gave her the name...?
No one knows. Wasn’t me, at least. Pretty good naming sense.
Sofurin. Like a certain ratings board. Pretty perfect.
I decide to stop calling her Captain Shikolenko and start calling her Sofurin.
That aside, man, how much has your score gone up?
I don’t know the exact number, but I figure it’s 0.15 around now.
0.15?! Dude, that’s fifteen years!
You’re stuck in here for fifteen goddamn years just for some indecent exposure...?
That’s how the prison works, kids. It’s all up to the guards’ whims, and all we can do is become obedient little sheep.
Fifteen years in this place.
I can’t even imagine it.
The thought is just too overwhelming.
......
Yet I know something is rotten.
That lawyer said that my ten-year sentence was a sign of the collapse of Japan’s judicial system.
And now, without so much as a trial, I’ve had five years added to it.
In the phantom correctional precinct that is Tulip Prison, the rule of law holds little meaning.
Hey man, you... know what happens when your score hits 1.0?
A score of 1.0 would mean a hundred-year sentence.
As a life sentence in all but name, it amounts to branding a prisoner as impossible to rehabilitate.
And why keep them fed on the taxpayer’s yen?
This has led to a rumor: if your score ever reaches 1.0, the order for your execution is issued on the spot.
You don’t think that Sofurin is trying to... kill you, do you?
I couldn’t say.
I don’t think I can piece together what she’s thinking, no matter how hard I try.
You seem weirdly at peace. She’s already sent you to hell, man—there’s no tellin’ what she’ll hit you with next.
I tend to not panic about things that freaking out won’t help with.
Haha, you really are a tough one, huh?
He’s just a dumbass, that’s all.
Keeping calm doesn’t waste time. It’s very rational.
Anyway, let’s talk business. I got that thing you asked for. It should find its way to your cell tonight.
Really? Thanks.
Huh? He ordered somethin’?
Indeed. He practically begged me for it. It took some time to come my way with how rare it is, but it’s finally here.
Whoa. What’d you buy?
An electric massager.
Huh?
An electric massager.
Only a small one...
Isn’t that a sex toy?!
It’s a health accessory.
See, this kid tested me. ‘Let’s see if old man Kugitani can really source stuff worth his salt,’ he thought. Cheeky brat.
I simply wanted one.
He gave me a little trial, see, to see if I could get a hold of something that isn’t a sex toy on the surface.
I wanted to ease my fatigue from the mines.
And you got your hands on it, then?
I sure did. A simple electric massager can’t be used as a weapon or a sex toy, after all. The latest models even have remote controls you can use from afar.
Goddamn! You’d better thank him, man, and then apologize!
Thank you very much, and big sorry, bro.
It’s all good. It wasn’t cheap, so do enjoy yourself.
It sounds bad to say that I tested him, but my intentions were along those lines.
I asked for something I thought would be near-impossible to get, but he went and got it.
Mr. Kugitani really is something, I think to myself.
It’s not like you’ll be able to hold onto it too long, anyway.
Why not?
It doesn’t happen too often, but there’s these big searches now ’n then. They’ll let the small things slide, but a sex toy? They’d toss that out real fast.
Regular searches aside, they’re always looking for excuses to barge into your cell and rummage around. They’ll confiscate anything dubious on the spot and hike up your score.
And if I say your name then, I’ll get a beatdown and you won’t do business with me anymore. Don’t worry, I remember.
Sorry, but I’m a businessman. Got a reputation to protect.
A vein popping in his head, Ozawa kicks me in the knee.
Ouch.
You know what you’ve got yourself into, man? If they find it, they’re not gonna listen to your excuse that it’s ‘not a sex toy!’
Searches don’t happen that often, right?
Yeah, but...!
I’m sure I’ll be fine.
And besides.
I have plenty of ways to hide it.
Ever since becoming a lesser prisoner, I’ve lost a lot of my rights.
One of those rights was the ability to use the phone center.
I haven’t called Hinako in a while.
I kind of miss her, Shuichiro.
Yeah, me too.
I open the letter she sent instead, warming my heart.
Her handwriting hasn’t gotten any better.
She can’t help it. She was in the hospital for a long time.
I can feel the effort she put into putting pen to paper with every line, though.
The envelope is cutely decorated with stickers of my favorite fish on it.
......
I stare at the photo inside.
It’s of Hinako, with her usual, “gee-you’re-sure-putting-me-on-the-spot-there” smile.
My parents have disowned me. She’s my only blood relative now.
Hinako always defended me.
When the truancy officers got me, when they sent me to a mental hospital, when I got exposed on the internet...
...no matter how busy she was with work, she always treated me like she normally did.
Even when my prison sentence was locked in, she visited me in the detention center until the end.
She’s the one person who will never abandon me, no matter what.
My only ally in the world.
The only person who understands me, aside from Amatsu.
Oh, how I want to see her.
Books! Books if you want to borrow any! Books! Books if you want to borrow any!
A cart filled with books is pushed along the path in front of the cells.
Would you like a book?
No thanks...
It passes the cell next to me and stops in front of mine.
Exhibitiman, here’s the book you asked for.
I reach through the bars and pull out the book on the right side of the cart.
The item I want is hidden under it, and I grab that too.
Thanks.
I return the book I’d borrowed.
Inside is a thousand yen in cash—it came with Hinako’s letter—as thanks for the delivery.
Eheheh... Books! Books if you want to borrow any! Books!
There’s plenty of supply routes, but this is the most common way of getting your goods.
I open the inconspicuous black wrapping of the book and take out the contents.
Whoa...
A small electric massager.
I’ve never held one in my hands before.
It’s smaller than expected but still quite the sight, Shuichiro.
Yeah. Looks like you can switch out the end to change the size, too.
Apparently, it’s really good for circulation.
I push the wireless remote switch to test it out.
......!
And quickly switch it off.
It’s not that loud, but... it would be wise to leave it be for now.
If it’s late at night and everyone’s under the covers... it should be safe.
Just having something new puts a smile on my face.
Since getting dumped into prison, I’ve never gotten to go to bed this happy before.
Heheh...
I definitely want to mess with it tonight.
I can’t wait for midnight to come around.
(END)
Hey. Get your things and get out of your cell.
Huh?
Officer Yamagishi.
Get up! It’s time to change cells! Get your back against the wall and stand still, now!
Officer Yamagishi tears me out of my covers and pushes me chest-first against the wall.
What is... going on, ma’ams?
I said you’re changing cells. Be grateful we’re helping you.
Guards stomp in and turn my cell inside out.
They turn over my bed, they look behind the toilet, and they toss what few possessions I have on the ground to check them over.
It really doesn’t look like they’re just here to carry out my things.
Their forceful escort feels more like being kicked out of my cell.
That over there is your new pigsty.
She signals with her chin towards a room at the very end of the passage.
Standing at the entrance the guards always come in from, it’s the first place that comes into view.
I can always keep an eye on you here.
Sofurin wears a cruel smile.
They told me the guards would find any little reason to root through my cell.
Which means if, say, you’re trafficking in contraband, well. I’ll know right away.
I see what they mean now.
So, this is your journal, is it? Let’s see... Wait, there’s hardly anything written here! Pff, what the hell is this?!
It’s my journal. I write in it like it’s a letter to my sister.
This is criticism of the prison! How dare you write this nonsense when you’re supposed to be reflecting and rehabilitating! Write it all over!
She tears out the first page and throws it away.
......
I was only writing in it for the first week, so it doesn’t hurt that much.
The guards caught wind of what I was up to from somewhere and barged in. That much I know.
But I was on guard.
They’re not going to find my new thing.
Hm... What in the...! Captain Shikolenko!
What?
I found this in the sheets!
She scurries over to us.
In her right hand is a wireless remote control.
A remote?
......
It appears to be. Meaning whatever it controls must be somewhere.
What is this?
I don’t know.
I asked you what this is!
I don’t know.
When I shake my head, she scoffs.
Yet a knowing smile is plastered on her face as if to say she feels she’s caught me.
What was this, again? I feel... No, I know I’ve seen it around here somewhere...
We’ll piece together whatever this is before long. We are professionals, after all.
Gh...!
I feel like... I’ve used this recently. Like, around last night to be exact...
And when it comes to light that this is part of something sexual and we find the rest of it, well...
...I trust you know what’ll happen.
Sofurin’s eyes take on a dull glint.
The fierce glint of a predator.
Err... Damn it, it’s right on the tip of my tongue! I have to remember what I did last night before sleeping!
And I am the prey.
Took a bath... shaved... did my facial... called my mom... and then...
Will I end up hunted?
Got into bed... realized I forgot to brush my teeth and got out again... then...
I’m about to get my answer.
Oh! I’ve got it!
......!
A pink rotor! This is a vibrator switch, Captain Shikolenko!
Right?!
Wrong.
It definitely is! I’ve got the same one, back at home!
Right?!
Huh? Sorry, you’re asking the wrong person.
Come on, you know what I’m talking about! This one’s completely wireless, so it’s the more expensive one, you know!
No, really, I don’t have one. A... What now? A pink... roader...?
......
Ahh, I see! You were using this to enjoy a little long-range rotor sex with another prisoner, then?! I bet you sent Morse code with the vibe, hitting their body and mind at the same time!
Dii-dii-didi, di, didii-di, dii-dii-dii! Dii-dii-didi, di, didii-di, dii-dii-dii! Dii-dii-didi, di, didii-di, dii-dii-dii! I bet that’s what you’re hitting her with, right?!
Which means you have an accomplice! All right, team, we’re opening every vagina in the Obscenity Ward!
Taking a few other guards in tow, Officer Yamagishi starts opening the cells of the female prisoners.
Corrections search, open up... that pussy!
Yet, they find nothing.
They will find nothing.
W-What’s going on here? You won’t find anything in my pussy but the ghosts of a thousand saddles!
Tch, not here. Number 0699, clear!
Officer Yamagishi owns and uses one herself, so she’s fallen into the trap.
She thinks only women use rotors. She’s stuck in her assumptions.
They’re not checking where they should start.
It has to be on a vagina somewhere! No, maybe inside if that’s what they prefer! Find it! It has to be out there!
That’s why I’m confident they won’t notice the truth.
The truth is that it’s hidden in my anus.
......
Look at that smug grin on your face. You think we won’t find it, don’t you? Well, I don’t like it.
It means nothing of the sort.
Where the hell is it...? Oh, I know! If I flip the switch, someone’ll get moaning!
Why are you provoking us like this? You know how badly you’ll get punished for violating the rules, don’t you?!
It’s you, isn’t it?!
I’m innocent. Nn. I have to push back against punishment I don’t deserve... gh...
Pissing out a nonsense defense after pissing yourself in public? Listen, if you were innocent, you wouldn’t be in this prison to begin with!
Huh. Not you?
Justice decided by majority rule is just majority rule, not justice.
Do you not expect more punishment from being so unrepentant?!
All right, how about you?!
The one who decides repentance... nn, isn’t the one who gives out punishment...
Why’s your breathing so strange? Why do you keep grunting?
I have no idea.
Mr. Kugitani really gets the good stuff. Officer Yamagishi’s far away and the vibrator is working just fine.
I should have stretched out my anus in advance if I knew I’d be able to pull this off.
Captain Shikolenko! Haa, haa... we checked every last vagina in the ward but couldn’t find the rotor.
That so? I see. Hmph. I don’t know what trick you pulled, but looks like you managed to hide it this time.
......
I give no answer.
Start organizing your room, now! Or does just standing around excite you?
My silence seems to have annoyed her.
We’ve had prisoners like that, and we force them to sit! Though there’s been prisoners who got excited just by sitting around!
I start organizing my flung things under the guards’ surveilling eyes.
Then, I hear hurried footsteps coming from behind.
Captain Sofiya, take a look at this!
The busty guard hands Sofurin something.
Hm... Wait. Explain this.
It’s a letter... from my sister.
Looks like they forgot something.
Sofurin unceremoniously pulls out the letter I had been reading before bed.
The sister you were talking about, eh? Hah! Sister lovers. Insane, every last one of them...
Letters are screened by the guards before making it to the prisoners, and anything inappropriate is blacked out.
Prisoners are allowed to hold onto up to three letters and only for a month.
I’m confiscating this letter and photo! Take out everything you own, right now!
Why, ma’am? That letter only arrived the day before yesterday. It’s against no rules.
Remember that you’re a delinquent prisoner! Your handling officer can confiscate anything she deems inappropriate!
But this is my right.
Your ‘right?’ Don’t make me laugh! You’ve violated the rights of others, and now you’re whining about your own?!
All of your rights are in my hands! So if I want to snatch this from you...
...or tear it, or throw it to the ground...
She crumbles the torn paper and stomps on it.
...you can’t do a damn thing to stop me!
The letter Hinako wrote for me in her awkward handwriting.
This one, too!
The photo of her smiling.
You’re getting off real easy, but take it in. You’ve trampled on other people’s rights just like this!
Both are torn and discarded.
The shreds of her photo rain down from Sofurin’s hands, scattering onto the hard concrete.
The only photo I had of my sister, gone.
......
Rebellious eyes. 0.005 points. Clean up this mess, now!
I pick up each shred of the ruined photograph.
I’m sorry... I apologize to Hinako in my heart.
I’m sorry for tearing you apart like this.
Sofurin keeps glaring at me the whole time.
Looking at your face runs a chill down my spine. You make me remember what I hate more than anything.
Her eyes.
They’re so dark and disgusted, like she’s looking at raw sewage.
Think of this as your punishment for disgusting me.
Her eyes stand out to me. I wonder.
The lights go off in the Obscenity Ward.
The sound of the boots that had torn through my cell grow quieter and farther.
Phew.
I fix my sheets and finally get into bed.
Looks like you managed to keep it hidden, Shuichiro.
Yeah. That was incredible.
The electric massager hidden in my anus was a real bucking bronco.
For some reason, a moan escaped from my lips with every vibration.
......
It was a strange—a |very| strange sensation.
What in the world WAS that?
I’ll keep it in my anus for the rest of the night, just in case.
I pull my covers up to my shoulders.
For whatever reason, this cell is colder than my last one.
Maybe it’s the position. Maybe the walls suck. Either way, the room is chilly—and it isn’t like there’s a hole in the wall, either.
......
The rough waves of the boat ride here flash through my mind.
The prison’s cells have thin covers and something like a comforter in them.
It really gives you a sense of how glum the weather here is, being constantly subject to wind, rain, and year-long cold.
Yet even with the thick covers up to my neck, the chill from the front of the cell assails me.
Use me for warmth, Shuichiro.
Amatsu...?
Just touch me. Come on.
At his urging, I slowly reach down to my crotch.
Warm.
My balls are warm like a little heater on my body.
I see. That’s rational.
Feels like I can get through any cold night this way.
(END)
Hachoo!
Or so I thought. I caught a cold.
Head’s so... heavy.
A dullness different from fatigue settles on my body.
......
To a dyed-in-the-wool exhibitionist, catching a cold is nothing short of humiliation.
Only a fool would strip without properly taking care of their health.
Number 0720! Hey, Exhibitiman! Who do you think you are, making an officer wait? Get your ass out of that cell!
I do not accept this cold I’ve caught.
If you’re expecting a nice bout of neglect play, well, guess again! The guards here are all the type to watch idle games like hawks all day, every day!
My joints hurt when I move.
I’m cold, yet hot. It doesn’t make sense.
My nose feels clogged and keeping my eyes open makes my head hurt.
I can’t taste my food, and swallowing it down is painful.
Minato, quit faffing about! Come on, don’t hold us up!
Yes, sir!
There are no easy days down in the mines.
I’m forced to work just as hard as ever today, and I get to digging for coal.
The stale air assails my lungs, and I somehow manage to ward off nausea.
Hey, man, you’re pale as a kabuki guy! You all right?
I’m fine. I’m fine.
You strip too much and catch a cold or something? How ’bout you take a breather over there?
I swing my pick to prove I’m all right.
Ghk...
I slip instead and fall right on my ass.
Whoa, dude, watch out! You’re not hurt anywhere, are you? You sure you not feelin’ off today?
Hey, Minato! We’re hittin’ that tunnel hard, so if you’re gonna be fallin’ over, do it over there!
The foreman grabs me by the collar and tosses me away.
I’ve been getting grabbed a lot lately.
I somehow manage to stand up and take my leave.
......
I don’t really know where I’m walking.
I just want to sit. Somewhere, anywhere. My vision blurry, I bring myself down.
The ground moves.
Looks like I accidentally stepped on the personnel conveyor belt.
Let me... get off...
My mind wants to get off quickly, but my body is slow to follow.
I finally manage to get off the belt.
I have to find the conveyor belt back, so I get to searching.
I find myself someplace I have no memory of.
Which tunnel is this? I don’t know.
What’s... this...?
It’s a minecart.
We send raw coal up by vertical conveyor belts in the prison, so I’ve never used a bonafide minecart before.
Though I have heard that they used them before they put the shafts in the mine, way back.
Water...?
There’s a bunch of water built up inside.
I’ve heard before that when a storm draws near, sometimes the water comes up to your ankles.
This water... feels good.
I splash my face with water, and the droplets run down my hair.
The seawater is salty, but it’s nice and cold.
......
My head hurts.
My vision keeps wavering.
Why am I here, anyway?
Minato! Hey, Minato, where’d you go?!
My breathing is fraught.
My vision is hazy, and my legs are wobbly.
I can barely stand.
I can’t hear anything anymore.
Shuichiro! Run for it, man!
Huh...?
Right after I raise my eyes.
My vision goes completely dark.
......!
My knees buckle, and I naturally fall face-first to the ground.
I cover my head with both arms to protect it.
Yet down come rocks from above.
......!
Before long, the sounds stop.
An unusual quiet comes. I look up.
Everything is covered in rocks.
But I find myself not crushed.
It looks like a pile of rocks a good two meters tall protected me.
This is a cave-in.
I got caught in an avalanche of rocks.
Ow...
I push away the rock digging into my back.
I have to get out of here. There’s no telling when the ceiling will come crashing down.
Ghk...
I smash aside rock after rock, but no light comes peering through.
Eventually, a hefty boulder blocks my path.
Gah...!
My lower half is submerged in the cave-in, and I can only move my arms.
The space I’m in isn’t wide enough to swing my pick freely.
Haa, ahh...!
I can’t push that boulder out of the way. Not with my muscles.
One wrong move and I might end up crushed.
There’s no getting out of here.
Haa... haa...
The air thins out.
Haa... ahh...
My head is heavy, and my breathing, pained.
......!
Nausea assails me.
It’s so hot.
It’s so cold.
I can’t stand being in here even a second longer.
Get that rock out of here! We pull him out soon. He might just survive!
But the wall is just so thick.
There’s a pine rock in the way, boss! Should we slice it up with the cutter?!
I can’t dig myself out no matter how hard I try.
You moron, you wanna flatten the guy? The rocks on top’ll just crush him!
Then we’re going to have to knock out the rocks on top, too!
As sweat rolls into my eyes, I let out a pathetic groan.
I hate it here.
Shuichiro! Can you hear me, man?!
I want out.
Hold still in there, all right?! We’re gonna pull you out real soon!
I need out.
If the rocks overhead start falling, I’ll be dead in seconds.
My mind may be hazy, but one impending reality is clear.
Death.
My death.
This is where Shuichiro Minato will die.
Where I will die.
Hinakoooo!
I find myself calling my sister’s name.
And in that instant.
Is someone inhumed in there?
A voice so quiet it sounds like a hallucination.
I can’t even tell where I hear it from.
I-Is someone inhumed in there?
The voice is coming from behind me.
The men are digging at the rocks in front of me, and the voice is beyond the rocks behind me.
Instead of saying anything, I gather up the last of my strength and strike my pick at the rocks as hard as I can.
O-Okay, I’ll... I-I’ll help you, all right? G-Get yourself as low as you can.
I hear a knock, knock, knock.
Like a small pile driver opening a hole.
The ground is softened up here, s-so you probably... shouldn’t dig any further.
I don’t know what they’re doing.
My mind no longer has the energy to consider it.
...Explosives set, clear.
With what strength I have left, I pull myself upright.
Right as I’m about to ask what they’re planning, however.
H-Here goes. Keep safe.
An overwhelming flash. I go flying.
My vision is too blurry to see anything clearly.
But I know what I saw.
......
A second, tiny glint of light that disappeared before my eyes.
Minato! You all right?!
What the hell was that explosion from the other side?! What’s goin’ on?!
A loud blasting sound and compressed air passed over my head.
......
I can only call it an explosion.
Someone used dynamite. Used it to blast the roof of the cave-in from overhead.
I-It’s the ghost! The ghost the others keep talking about, she’s finally popped up for our team!
The ghost saved Exhibitiman!
Quit your yapping and help me carry him!
Slow! Make sure you keep his head in place! Someone free, run off to the guy running the personnel belt!
The elevator gets rolling and brings me up to the surface.
Sofurin is waiting for us at the entrance to the mine.
What’s all this commotion? Who’ve you got on your shoulder there?
Shuichiro Minato, Number 0720! He got caught up in a cave-in, ma’am! We gotta get him to the medical ward!
He what?
She looks me all over and narrows her eyes.
He doesn’t seem to have any injuries.
He’s had a fever all day, too! He needs some medicine!
I’ll take his temperature, then. Strip him—only his pants, though. Keep his top on. Get him on all fours, like a dog.
My team members take off my pants and get me on all fours.
A thermometer is thrust into my anus.
37.9. Regulations dictate medicine to be administered at 38 degrees. A pity, Number 0720.
I will not allow him to be taken to the medical ward! Go back down and put him back to work!
What?! Ma’am, he got caught in a cave-in! If we put him back working the tunnels—
What concern of that is mine? Rules are rules. Am I wrong?
The foreman can only hold his mouth agape in disappointment.
This is what your lack of gumption has got you—a weak body falling prey to the common cold!
It’s because your mind is diseased, sick with perversion! Get back into the tunnels and sweat your sickness of soul away with labor, right now!
And if you don’t make yourself healthy down there, well... you’re looking at a life sentence.
She whispers into my ear.
Ma’am, you gotta admit, that’s a little—
Right as Ozawa raises his voice, I stand up.
I pick my mask off the ground and step towards the elevator.
I head back underground.
Back to the bowels of hell.
Keep sa—
Before I can finish my word.
I collapse. All my strength leaves me.
Shuichiro?!
The last thing I see before I fade out.
Heh.
Are Sofurin’s dark eyes nestled under her cap.
(END)
