The sky, once blue, is now covered with clouds, and snow falls gently.
The evening sky is tinged with a faint crimson color.
The hidden red sunset paints the prison sky.
An inmate I used to supervise once asked, “Why does dusk make people so sentimental?”
For me, the reason is clear.
It’s because you had to ask that question.
That’s why I still remember. Every time I look up at the sky and think it’s beautiful, it crosses my mind.
The annual Correctional Exhibition is about to end.
The night’s curtain will fall as soon as the sun sets beyond the horizon.
It’s hard to believe that all that chaos happened today.
I can’t believe I stood up against Agatsuma and Yugao and won.
It feels like a dream.
But it’s not a dream.
It’s reality.
From now on, I’ll face the reality I’ve changed.
Throwing Noah and Minato in the Damned Ward...
I think Warden Mizushiro was watching my reaction when she said that without explanation.
She wanted to see if I would raise any objections or obediently comply.
As if she wanted to test whether I’d move according to her orders once Yugao and Agatsuma were gone.
Just to make sure.
If that’s the case, nodding silently at that time was probably the right answer.
Maybe I’m overthinking this.
Even so, I don’t want things to stay the way they were.
I want to change the way this prison works.
Now, thanks to my sister and new brother, I know how to.
Relying on shady methods is not necessarily wrong.
What’s wrong is betraying my own principles.
If I disagree with Warden Mizushiro’s ways in the future, then...
I will search for my own way. I won’t back off so easily, and I won’t tell myself I’m “just following orders.”
I am weak. I can’t do anything alone.
That’s why I won’t fight alone.
Officer Yamagishi looked concerned about Minato and Noah.
She’s always considered the prison’s ways to be absolutely right, but there might be doubts rising inside of her now.
Maybe she also thinks like I do.
She could be an ally, a partner even.
Having a partner is the most reassuring thing there is.
Exploring and thinking up options together...
About the way things should be together...
Boss...? Is that you?
That voice brings me back to reality.
A familiar face is standing in front of me.
Oh, I’m glad. I knew it was you, Boss Lenko! Long time no see!
Oh... Naito, huh? You’re still around.
Ouch! What’s that supposed to mean?! I’ve been looking for you, you know?!
Ah, sorry. I didn’t mean it that way... My bad. You came all this way after I called you, and that’s how I greet you.
No, no! You’ve done so much for me! Besides, doing all that crazy stuff was honestly fun!
As long as you think so.
But... things haven’t changed here, huh? It’s just like back in the day.
Well, yeah. But you’re not much different either. If I put you in a prisoner’s uniform, you’d look just like you did then.
Again, ouch! I got married, you know? I’m going to be a dad soon!
Huh? You?! The Moan und Panzer?
Uh, could you please spare me that nickname?! I’m seriously regretting it...!
Oh, sorry... but seriously, you...
By the way, I hear you’re a captain now! That’s impressive!
Yeah... well, it’s like drawing a lot for a prize no one wants. I do what I have to, but...
I’m rooting for you! But now that I think about it, having a beauty like you Chapter 69-ing me...
Oh, what’s this? You want to be sent back in?
N-No, please spare me! Just kidding, kidding...
I know. Besides... I’m going to put an end to that kind of thing too.
Oh, by the way, I heard you’re working at a bar now. Is it a good place? I often hear that the food and beverage industry is tough...
Well... do you remember Fecaloid Weapon?
Oh, you mean Enami?
Yeah, Enami! After getting out, he opened his own izakaya!
No way?! The guy who got thrown into solitary just because the food he made was too awful?!
Yeah, I know... Apparently, after that, he studied like crazy inside the walls and even got some qualifications...
For real... I had no idea... So, are you working there too?
Yes! You should definitely come by sometime! We’ll give you special treatment!
Yeah, I will.
Can I pay with fuxx?
We only take yen!
We share silly stories and laugh together.
Come to think of it, this might be the first time I’ve talked face-to-face with an ex-convict after their release.
It’s surprisingly easy to talk to him.
For some reason, it feels like it has nothing to do with me.
Oh, right. Speaking of which, do you know how Chamber Pot is doing now? He was in the cell next to mine.
He’s in the Sex Crimes Ward... Came back about six months ago.
Oh...
I’d be great if everyone could be rehabilitated like you...
Haha! If anybody can do it, it’s you, boss.
......!
Heh... Is that so...? Well then... I have to do my best.
Say, Naito...
Oops... I forgot to make a call! Sorry, it’s from my wife...!
Hey! Trying to make a call without permission...?!
P-Please! A phone call, please.
......
......
Hahaha!|Hahaha!
Sorry, I really have to take this! Excuse me!
Yeah, see you.
Hello?! I’m really sorry! No, I didn’t get arrested...
He walks away, apologizing over the phone.
Stay well... Keep on living.
The sunset tints the scenery in red.
Turning my back, I start walking too.
My heart is quietly pounding.
He got married...
I realize it now...
Naito, the Moan und Panzer, is going to be a dad...
And he’s working with Enami.
I had absolutely no idea about any of this.
While talking with me, Naito was smiling the whole time.
Even his voice on the phone sounded incredibly joyful.
......
For some reason, my steps feel unsteady.
He’s happy.
He found happiness.
There are people like that too.
Even if you complete your sentence, there are people who will never forgive you.
Having a criminal record makes living a struggle.
Still, he found his place outside.
Some people accepted him.
Right now, he’s making someone happy.
That’s good.
Good, good, good.
Uh...
I lose strength, collapsing on the spot.
That’s good... snff...
Ugh... boohaahaa...
Aaahaha! Boohoo, ahaa...! Boohaahaa!
(END)
.........
......
...
We hear the graceful sound of waves.
The ship’s whistle resonates in the clear air.
The hull gently sways.
It’s moving...
Yeah.
The boat carrying us departs on the white foam in the indigo sea.
The blue sky stretches out above us.
Higher still, the shining sun reaches its zenith.
A serene afternoon with nothing special, nothing new.
The sky is so vast.
Yeah. It’s vast.
A sky, visible from anywhere.
Yet, why does it captivate me so much now?
It feels like it goes on forever.
Feels like it? It really does go on forever.
I see.
A mild sea breeze tenderly caresses my skin.
I feel relaxed.
It smells fishy.
Yes, it does.
A clear fragrance tickles my nostrils.
Totally different from the prison.
There was quite a rusty smell over there, right?
More of a concrete-like smell. I thought that was the smell of the sea.
I get it. I thought the same.
It’s different, though.
Completely different.
The prison seems to be getting further away with each word we exchange.
It already feels like someone else’s story.
We can see the horizon.
Yeah, we can see the horizon.
The large walls that obstructed our view and confined us are no longer here.
In an hour, we’ll be off this ship. From there on...
Once we’re off this ship...
We can go where we want.
We can eat whatever we want.
Go to the bathroom without permission.
Chat without getting scolded.
Scream suddenly without consequences.
We might get some weird looks, though.
We can do as we please.
It’s unbelievable.
I still can’t believe it.
Should I pinch your cheek?
Don’t, I’ll wake up in protective custody.
Ew, that would suck.
Her tied-up hair cheerfully sways in the wind.
The prison now looks so small that it looks like it’s gone.
It’s gotten quite tiny, hasn’t it...? Even my finger looks bigger.
She smiles as she compares her finger to the distant prison.
Her eyes reflect a nostalgic hue.
My sister... will keep living over there...
Yeah. It’s the path she chose.
Yeah...
Are you worried?
Well... I don’t know. I can’t really tell.
But... I think somehow she’ll manage. Lately... it’s been tough, but she seemed happy.
We spent some time in her room between the end of the Correctional Exhibition and our departure.
Days we spent knowing that we’d be parting ways soon.
It was fun.
My sister-in-law looked annoyed almost every day, but in reality, she seemed happier than anyone else.
The prison has changed a lot since the Correctional Exhibition.
She was complaining about her demanding tasks, but there was a certain fulfillment in her expression.
To think the one who shouted, “You scum can’t be rehabilitated,” while crying would look this happy...
Well, it’ll be okay. Chi’s still there too.
Yeah.
Soon, we see the harbor.
That was fast.
Noah.
Yeah?
Aren’t you going to read the letter?
......
She lowers her face slightly and takes out a brown envelope.
Her sister entrusted it to her right before we left.
Because she’d never written Noah a reply...
Or that’s how she explained it.
I’m... kind of scared to.
......
If I read this... it’ll really be over... you know...?
It means that after that... I’m going to live without her.
Not just for a year or two.
From the time she first gained consciousness, Noah has always been all about her sister.
It was an obsession far beyond common sense, clearly an abnormal dependency.
Her sister was her pillar.
Now, for the first time, she’s trying to step out from that.
Of course, she’s scared.
It’s okay, Noah.
I gently wrap my hands around hers.
I’m with you.
Shuichiro...
But... what will you do... if I say I still don’t want to be away from my sister after reading this?
It’s okay.
I repeat.
We’ll just have to commit another crime and go back to prison.
Don’t you have a more decent plan?
That’s rich coming from you.
I feel faint when you say that... haa...
She takes a deep breath.
Thank you, Shuichiro.
She nods, smiling.
She makes up her mind.
Takes another deep breath.
Then, takes the letter out.
Noah...
With anxious, wavering eyes, she follows the words on the paper.
Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah... Noah, Noah, Noah.
Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah... Noah... Noah...
Noah... Noah... Noah... Noah... Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah...
Noah... Noah... Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah, Noah... Noah! Noah...!
Noah...! Noah...! Noah... Noah...!
Large tears start pouring down her cheeks.
Endlessly...
Tears flow over her white skin as if a dam had been broken.
Sis. Sis, Sis... Sis...!
Thank you.
She holds the letter against her chest as if it were a treasure.
Without fear or worries.
Sofiya’s love for her little sister is depicted in this letter in the most perfect form.
You’re crying.
Pff... You don’t have to say it, idiot.
Look, there’s one for you too.
She hands me the one addressed to me.
I glance down at the contents.
......
What’s on it?
Minato, Minato, Minato, Minato, Minato.
The end.
Just five?
I’m gonna cry.
I know, right?
The sound of the ship’s whistle overlaps with our laughs.
Arriving at the port, we disembark following the instructions.
The cry of seagulls comes to greet us.
No one but us pays them any attention.
A woman, who had been waiting for the ship to arrive, waves at someone else.
She’s not a prison guard. She’s not waiting for a prisoner, either.
She happily smiles without sparing a glance at me and Noah.
We’re not inside the walls anymore.
......
......
We’re unable to speak for a moment.
As if we had rehearsed it, we both stop walking and blink repeatedly.
We hear the voices of the people passing by.
Peaceful conversations. Unbothered by anyone’s gaze, just ordinary chit-chat.
What do you want to eat for lunch?” “Anything’s fine.” “Then how about noodles?” “I don’t want noodles.
Such trivial conversations.
They argue over rice or noodles as they enter the huge mall in front of us.
If I move my head a little, I can see the factories and houses along the slope.
Cars are passing by.
I hear construction noises.
For the people walking in front of us, it’s the same old view, nothing new.
But to us, everything feels both fresh and nostalgic.
We keep standing here as if we just returned from a parallel world.
We’re back!
We’ve returned!
It’s the first time...
Noah finally speaks up.
It’s my first time seeing you outside the prison.
It is. My first time talking to you outside the prison, too.
Look over there. There’s a tiny human.
Pff. That’s what they call a child.
Right. I forgot. We didn’t have those in prison.
By the way, that huge building is called a mall. You can buy things and eat meals there if you have money.
The best place.
It’s funny, isn’t it? Despite feeling like we understand each other more than anyone, we’ve never done something as simple as shopping together.
We haven’t been to karaoke, never been on a date. Despite being better halves, we’re full of ‘nevers.’
I... have never gone shopping with anyone other than my family.
Oh, now that you mention it, neither have I. I’ve never been to karaoke with someone else.
Never been on a date.
I have.
That’s unfair.
Just kidding, dummy.
Even though we’re connected at such a deep level, we seem to have missed out on things that everyone else in the world does.
That is a lot like us.
From now on, we can do anything... as much as we want.
Yeah.
If I’m with Noah, I can do anything.
The outside world is filled with choices.
What should we do?
Get naked?
I shake my head.
I’m done with that.
I’m okay with you being the only one to see me.
Haha. I’m gonna have to stare hard enough to make up for the thousands you’ll be missing out on!
I... I’m done doing silly things like recording voyeur porn. I can’t just go back to the prison alone.
Just take pictures of me naked.
I’ll be doing it for the rest of my life if you say that.
Please do. Let’s see who gives in first, a showdown between an exhibitionist and a voyeur.
Exhibitionist vs. Voyeur.
Sounds like a terrible movie. Only I would watch it.
Making a movie sounds fun.
Then let’s start with a game, going back to basics?
Of course.
The scenario has to be by Chi.
Yeah, and I want the illustrations done by the Chief.
Unfortunately, both of them are inside the walls.
If we really go ahead with this, we’ll figure something out to get their help.
You say it so easily.
It should be easy. We can do it.
That’s true.
After a cheerful laugh, Noah looks far across the sea.
It’s already... so hazy that we can’t even see a shadow.
Yeah, can’t see anything at all.
Do you think that Warden Mizushiro lets convicts escape that easily?
Who knows?
We’re technically still deep underground in the prison. As long as she knows our whereabouts, she has every right to kidnap and confine us again anytime.
We just have to disappear without a trace.
She could’ve placed a tracker on us.
When?
I don’t remember everything that happened to me while we were in protective custody.
Me either. Those memories are blurry.
Really?
Even if that’s the case...
It doesn’t matter.
Yeah...
We both have something missing.
A significant flaw that we can’t compensate for, even together.
We all have strengths and weaknesses.
We’re not suited for living a normal life.
It’s because we couldn’t walk straight that we met inside those walls.
And because our strides matched perfectly, we’re here now.
We are suited for an abnormal life, though.
Then we should just go with it.
But let’s try to avoid making our sisters sad, at least.
Even though we’re outside the walls, our sins haven’t disappeared.
Neither legally nor morally.
So, regardless of suitability, maybe we’re simply not allowed to live a normal life.
The world may never forgive us.
There are people who fear and hate us.
Still, someone once said it wouldn’t be the |whole| world against us.
Someone who said she’d be our ally.
Someone who told us to live.
So...
......
I’m hungry.
Shall we eat? I got some pocket money from my sister.
It’s a celebration for getting out.
All right, what do you want to eat?
I feel like having... fish.
What kind of fish? Grilled? Boiled? Sashimi?
I don’t know...
Our first meal outside. My first time dining out with Noah.
Hmm...
I walk around, pondering.
Perhaps, start with a classic grilled fish to enjoy the warmth of the outside?
Or boiled fish to ease our stomachs.
No, with the sea so close, it’s unthinkable not to choose fresh sashimi.
Hmmmmm...
I can’t find the best option.
How can the guy who caused so much trouble inside the walls be all wishy-washy now?
All right, I’ve decided. Let’s go for a whitebait bowl!
Huh?
Why are you making that face?
I’m afraid something terrible will happen again.
You’re too much of a scaredy-cat, Shuichiro.
Am I?
Yeah. First of all... no matter what happens, there’s really nothing to worry about, right?
Yeah, I guess not.
She laughs and comes to stand at my side.
There’s not a thing to worry about.
After all...
We’ve got you and me, Shuichiro!
(END)
All right... all set. I didn’t forget anything... yeah.
Yesterday’s files are still on the desk.
Whoa, I almost forgot!
As careless as ever.
Quit nagging. And watch your tone.
Hair, check. Clothes, check. Got the files. And... that should be everything, right?
Sis, look. You forgot this.
Huh? Did I forget something else?
Noah points at her mouth.
My goodbye kiss!
Oh, I left the tea out.
......
Well then, I’m heading to work. Behave yourself.
Take care!
She opens the door and leaves quickly.
She’s so cold...
That’s 7-0 now.
Maybe starting with the forehead or cheek tomorrow would be better.
Shall I give you a kiss instead?
Feel free.
Nh...
I kiss Noah.
Now then. What should we do today?
We stretch ourselves out in my sister-in-law’s room.
After the Correctional Exhibition, Agatsuma and Yugao, also known as the Ahegaos, apparently fell from grace.
Apparently,” because we don’t know what happened afterwards.
Sofiya probably knows, but didn’t say anything about it.
Plus, Warden Mizushiro is involved.
If we were to find out just out of curiosity, who knows what trouble we might get into again?
We did what we needed to do. We’ll leave the rest to those staying in the prison.
That’s the agreement Noah and I have.
And so, we spend the time until our release in my in-law’s room.
While keeping it a secret from other guards, of course.
I’ll go with Netfux as usual. And maybe earn a little extra on the side.
I’ll watch the anime you recommended.
What are you watching right now?
Insect Warriors.
Which season?
I forgot, but I heard the next one is epic.
Oh, the one where the main character dies?
Noah sits on the desk, opening the laptop after casually dropping a giant spoiler.
That’s her designated spot when her sister is not around.
I also take a seat at the round table, preparing to watch anime on the tablet she got me.
Noah, you’ve been wearing that outfit a lot lately.
Hehe, isn’t it nice? It’s a Sofiya Shikolenko special. Custom-made, tailored just for me.
It doesn’t look like loungewear.
What do you mean? It’s all-in-one loungewear, casual wear, outerwear, and sleepwear. Hiking, camping, life rescue, survival, or war, if it’s made by Sofiya Shikolenko, it can do anything.
You’re still foolish when it comes to your sister.
Is that so? Back then I would’ve worn this in the bath.
That’s not foolish. It’s deviant.
We are deviant in the eyes of the world.
That’s true.
Well... I was indeed a complete idiot when we met...
Looking back, getting rejected by my sister wasn’t such a bad thing. Had it not happened, I would have stayed an idiot forever.
I wouldn’t have minded dating that Noah.
At that time, I wouldn’t have fallen for anyone other than my sister.
What if, by some mistake, you fell for me?
Well... I’d probably become an even bigger idiot and start thinking your super lame catchphrases are cool.
I don’t have any lame catchphrases.
‘I’ll fucking inhume you, baby.’
That’s cool.
It’s lame, trust me. It gives me goosebumps.
As a catchphrase, I think it’s good.
You also said it at the Correctional Exhibition.
Well, you insisted, so I had no choice.
Well then, Noah, do you have any other cool catchphrases?
......
She ponders for a moment and points her fingers at me like a gun.
I’m gonna... fuck you up!
Lame.
Wanna try me, Baldy? My Artistry score is 8.7, you know.
Artistry isn’t something you measure with numbers.
What’s up with you, better half?
If you’re going to talk about my clothes and style, shall we talk about you? Wearing that prison uniform every day.
I don’t have any other clothes, and I’m used to it.
That’s the excuse you’d find in an eroge character without alternate costume variations.
......
How about this...?
Sis will get mad if you use her pillows like that.
I do a lot of things that she’d hate even more when she’s not around.
You do...
We exchange silly jokes.
It’s comforting to spend peaceful and uneventful days like this.
As the conversation fades, we both turn back to our electronic devices.
I’ll browse the internet a bit before watching anime.
Without knowing why, I find myself on an aggregator site.
......!
There, I find a very suggestive compilation of videos.
I forget what news I was looking for and jump to the adult section.
Finding an even better lewd compilation there, I forget what I initially wanted to see and click on that one.
......
After doing this a few times, I start feeling horny.
I can feel the blood rushing to my lower body.
I put the tablet down and stand up.
Noah, what are you doing?
Watching porn.
Why?
I was looking at an article I was interested in, then I ended up on some link farm with a lot of porn...
Truly better halves.
I’m moved.
You too?
Yeah.
We’re deeply connected lovers.
We understand each other’s feelings and desires.
I deliberately thrust my hips forward as if to flaunt.
Noah then, sets her gaze on that assertive display.
Then she says...
Pass.
Pass?
I’m not in the mood for that right now.
She turns back to her laptop and immediately starts typing on the keyboard.
I’m hard, though.
Why don’t you take care of that yourself, watching porn on your tablet?
Last time... You said you’d take care of it!
Are you the type to believe it when people say, ‘let’s grab a drink sometime?’
There are things you can say and things you shouldn’t.
She ignores me.
I... want to do it with you.
Haa... I don’t have a choice then.
She undresses.
Yay!
She takes a nude selfie with the tablet.
Here, Noah Kurebayashi’s sexy pictures. Now you can do it with me.
......
I sit back down with the tablet.
I stroke myself while looking at Noah’s nudes.
This is... sexy.
As you’d expect from a voyeur. She knows how to take exciting pictures.
But that’s not what I meant.
What is it?
I... want to do it with the real Noah.
Are you saying you want to masturbate on the real me?
I think about it.
Sure.
You want to watch me?
Yes please.
I have to tell you about something from the past...
It didn’t know it’d come to this.
It’s been about ten years now... Back then, my only joy aside from playing with my older sister was trolling people on the internet.
That long ago?
One day, while aimlessly browsing the internet looking for idiots, I stumbled upon a certain thread.
It was a thread written by an idiot. ‘TIL: Put a normal picture of a girl in a folder called “Cum On Me” and it turns into a picture of that girl waiting for someone to cum on her.’
Still unfamiliar with the meaning of ‘cum,’ I changed that thread to ‘Thread about fried chicken’ just for fun.
But now, looking back... I think it wasn’t such a bad idea, after all.
Yeah?
And then...?
That’s the end.
What was that about?
Voyeurism! I just remembered seeing that thread, so I shared it.
......
You’re really weird sometimes.
And? There’s no one else I can talk to about stories with no punchline or climax.
I want you to let me see you as a thank you for listening to that.
What...?
She doesn’t seem very enthusiastic.
It only strengthens my determination to watch her.
I’ll listen to what you say within reasonable limits.
All right, watch.
I’ll watch.
(END)
Mm, well then. How about something like this?
It’s very... naughty.
Lying with her back on the cushion, Noah spreads her legs wide, flaunting her underwear.
A very obscene pose that reveals her large, soft breasts.
My cock is tingling at that view.
Can I start jerking off now?
Hmm.
Have you been saving it?
Yeah.
Well then, yo.
Go ahead.
......
What was that?
Nothing.
‘Yo?’
Come on. Just go ahead and jerk off. Release your stinky and dirty dick juice quickly.
All right. I’ll jerk off.
I start masturbating while watching her.
Good grief... it’s embarrassing, isn’t it? Touching yourself like that. Aren’t you ashamed?
I’m not... ashamed.
Rather, I want you to watch me more while I’m jerking off.
Weren’t you going to watch me? Why should I be the one watching?
It’s more exciting if you... watch.
Exhibitionists... What’s good about jerking off in front of someone?
Because you’re a peeping tom, you like watching... It’s mutual.
No, that’s not it. It’s not just that I like watching... Secretly peeking is the most important part of it.
Not that I’ll do it anymore but...
While there’s a huge difference between liking voyeuristic content and actually being a voyeur, Noah has done both.
Even if she doesn’t plan to do it in the future, the fact that she has done it before makes it challenging for her to talk about it.
However, if she starts feeling guilty about it, I can be confident that she won’t do it again.
You’ve grown, Noah.
Well... that’s thanks to you.
Your tits look bigger too.
You probably don’t know about me when I was a kid.
She gives me a disgusted, disdainful look.
Ah! Those eyes, they’re great!
Haa. I don’t know what’s so great about them, but if it helps you get off quickly, I’ll gladly keep looking at you like that.
No... I want to see all of your expressions.
Selfish brat...
My penis responds again to her scornful gaze.
Maybe it’s because I’m the only one jerking off.
Sex is an act of intertwining bodies, and acts like blowjobs or handjobs are a form of service.
However, voyeurism is a lowly act of simply thrusting one’s carnal desires at someone.
So when someone watches me with those eyes, it makes me realize how base my actions are.
That sense of taboo is making my dick tingle.
Do I... really have to be here for this?
Have to?
Me being in this lewd pose is only making your dick happy.
Well, if you’re willing, you could give me a handjob or something.
Pass. Handjobs and titjobs are quite tiring, you know. And they don’t feel good to me.
So, watching is the only option, then.
That’s just you getting off on your own by looking at my boobs and panties, right?
In that case, you could take pictures of me and masturbate with them.
......
That won’t work...
What now?
Recording with a machine lacks the human warmth.
Oh, you’re old-school.
Images don’t talk, breathe, or move their eyes to watch me masturbate.
Well duh.
I want you to watch me jerk off, Noah. I want to see your reaction. I want you to tease, mock, and make fun of me.
You always say such embarrassing things while rubbing your dick?
On the contrary, I can say anything without feeling embarrassed while rubbing my dick.
It makes sense, but it sounds annoying.
I can get a boner from that look.
Shut up.
I want you to watch, Noah, and I also want to see your lewd body from various angles.
And... I want to dirty your beautiful body with my fluids. I want to cum on you.
Ugh... What vulgar desires. Looks like your brain is turning into cum.
Noah, can I cum on your body?
Do as you please. If you want to jerk off to me, go ahead. If you want to splatter cum on me, just go ahead and squirt away.
Thank you...!
I’m doing you a favor... After getting off being watched, you’ll listen to me as promised.
Yeah... thanks.
I express my gratitude as I keep rubbing my dick.
I also consider imposing my desires to be quite vulgar.
And that’s precisely why it’s so exhilarating.
Noah has a well-proportioned, beautiful face and a well-built body.
A beauty like her is exposing herself in front of me.
Bearing with my perverted desires.
It’s irresistible.
But in the end, I’m just watching you desperately jerk off.
I want to hear your thoughts...
What do you think when you watch me masturbating? Say it out loud.
What... I don’t get it, but fine. I’ve got nothing else to do anyway.
Saying so, Noah stares intensely at my crotch.
I feel her gaze. I’m being watched.
My penis starts to heat up like the sun shining down.
Well, I’ve said it many times, but you truly look pathetic doing this.
Breathing heavily, making your disgusting dick erect, and jerking off desperately. It’s not something an intelligent person would do.
My dick throbs in response to her scornful words.
See? Despite all my comments, your dick is not only not softening but getting harder. You’re enjoying it, dripping precum like drool, aren’t you?
Do you know why that fluid comes out during sex? It’s to make the pussy slippery, neutralize the acidity, and make it easier to get pregnant.
I didn’t know...
Did you think it was just coming out for you to feel good? That’s really all you can think about...
She keeps attacking me verbally.
The more I jerk off, the more she criticizes me.
As she keeps provoking me, the precum coming out from my urethra makes my cock feel amazing.
It’s all going exactly as Noah describes.
It’s frustrating. Very frustrating.
A dark heat of lust makes my schlong shiver.
You said you wanted to cum on me, but do you know that cum’s supposed to go inside the pussy? That dick juice is meant to impregnate women.
What’s the point of splashing it outside...? What’s gonna happen when you do it?
I...
I do get some of it though. The sense of conquest and domination that comes from dirtying your partner with nasty bodily fluids from your gross dick...
But what are you doing now? Desperately jerking off... It’s not much of a conquest, is it?
Unless you forcefully make me suck your dick or rub it against my boobs or thighs, jerking off with your own hand isn’t conquering anything.
Ugh...!
I have nothing to argue back, just the continuous movement of my hand.
It’s frustrating. It feels good. I’m vexed. It feels |good|.
Conflicting, perverted sensations wash over me.
My shaft is already sticky from all the precum that’s coming out of it.
A lewd squelching sound fills the air each time I rub my head.
If you were getting excited by looking at my pussy, that’d be one thing. But getting hard with just this thin piece of fabric is kind of ridiculous.
Listen to me, you filthy little dick, your juices won’t impregnate anyone if you spray them on my panties.
I know. I know.
What is it about biology that makes a man’s cock get hard for tits, thighs, underarms, and underpants? It won’t work until you put it in a pussy!
Even if I know that I can’t help but feel the lust taking over.
Her ample breasts, pink nipples, flat stomach, and thighs, only covered by a thin piece of fabric, make my penis stand tall.
I quicken my pace.
Well, for me, the sooner it’s over, the better. I appreciate that your dick gets excited about things other than pussy.
You’re a dumb but obedient dick. Go ahead, cum and spray your dick milk for nothing!
A numbing chill runs down my spine.
She really thinks I look pathetic.
Despite that, she’s enduring it for me.
She exposes her rich bust, beautiful peach-colored nipples, firm thighs, and panties right in front of me.
She’s berating me, knowing that it makes me harder.
All of it is just to arouse me, to make me cum.
She keeps exposing herself, knowing she will get soiled.
My head feels like it’s going to melt in this perverted reality.
The only things I’m certain of are my hand movements.
Stop making me do all the talking. Say something.
Me...?
About my panties, thighs, and boobs... Tell me what kind of creepy thoughts you have. Come on.
Her panties, thighs, and boobs...
Swallowing my saliva, I let my gaze wander across her body.
Haa, haa...
Staring at her makes my breath heavier.
What are you exciting yourself for? Come on, tell me!
Your boobs are... big...!
No matter what, the first things that catch my eye are those bountiful breasts.
What’s that childish boomer reaction? Did you rub your dick so much that your brain moved to your balls, and now you can’t even speak properly?
Provoked again, another shiver runs down my spine.
If I express my thoughts, Noah will provoke me more.
More...
I want more.
I want you to mock my disgrace.
I want to sandwich my dick between those boobs. I want to thrust my dick back and forth and cum on your face...!
Huh...? You want to sandwich it between these? It’s just a lump of fat. Ejaculating here is just pointless.
Yet, if I jiggle them like this it makes your dick harder, huh?
My eyes are stuck to her big boobs, jiggling around like slime.
Getting close. Aah, you’re dominated by your dick. A dick that only thinks about feeling good.
Wanting to see them up close, I find myself unknowingly leaning forward.
I keep stroking my penis while staring at them.
Your eyes and nostrils are widening as well, and you’re jerking off faster. What an awful sight.
I can’t take my eyes off her swaying chest, no matter what she says.
Nipples... I want to rub my dick on your nipples...! I want to smear those pink nipples in cum...!
What would that do? Oh, do you think ejaculating your dick milk on my nipples will make me pregnant?
Wanna try? Inserting your dick into my nipples and squeezing it?
Too bad, I won’t let you do anything but watch. Go ahead, jerk off by yourself, and enjoy the pleasure.
Ah, ugh...!
I want to get sandwiched between them. I want to rub it in. I want to insert it.
But she won’t let me.
The frustration of desires unfulfilled only accelerates the movement of my hand.
Ooh... That’s fast and sticky... with all that precum.
Jingle balls, jingle balls, is your dick milk about to come yet?
Indeed, all I can think about is to ejaculate.
But I want to observe her body more.
If I can’t touch it, I at least want to violate it with my gaze.
Holding back the ejaculation, I let my eyes wander from her chest down to her crotch.
Panties... your panties...!
After the boobs, the panties? What a lack of imagination.
Your butt looks so hot and soft... I want to press my dick against it...!
Your thighs look firm and thick... I want to sandwich my dick between both thighs and cum in your thigh-pussy...!
Ah, ah! Finally, your optic nerves have turned into a dick. Does my whole body look like a pussy to you?
All of it... all...!
Her cheeks, knees, legs, abdomen, and back... every part of Noah’s body now looks like a pussy to me.
Anywhere is fine. I want to rub my dick against it.
I want to climax inside Noah’s pussy.
But above it all...
Pussy...!
I stare at her crotch.
Beyond this single piece of thin cloth lies the wisdom of humanity.
Oh, the pussy... the dick-brained always ends up fixated on the real thing, huh?
Poor you... can’t see the pussy because of these panties? You wanted to see my pussy to cum?
Gh, aah...!
But you see, real voyeurs love good panties, so I won’t show you my pussy. Use your dick-brain to imagine my pussy and get excited.
I stare at it intensely, hoping that I can tear a hole into them.
I imagine her bewitching hidden flesh covered by the thin fabric with my feverish brain.
It must be a vivid pink, incredibly obscene, folds twitching inside, and a smell so intoxicating that just sniffing it would make me dizzy.
Yes, that’s right. It has to be.
I’ll cum on that pussy.
Uh... I... I’m cumming...!
Yes, go ahead. Cum.
Imagine that pussy, jerk off desperately with your hands, shoot your dick milk wastefully without touching your beloved pussy.
Go ahead, cum without touching my boobs, without touching my pussy. Cum in that imaginary pussy. Shoot and waste all your dick milk.
Cum! Cum with your stupid dick. Creampie that fake pussy. Cum with that dick that only thinks about pleasure. Cum with that dick. Cum! Cum!
Go, squirt. Squeeze it out! Squirt, squirt, squirt.
Fueled by her voice, my semen comes out and stains Noah’s body in white.
I can’t believe how much is coming out.
The pleasure makes me want to collapse on my knees.
Euphoria pierces through me at each spasm.
Mm, phew... Ugh... You messed me up, huh? My whole body is sticky... Did I go a bit overboard with the service?
Phew... phew...
Her beautiful body is covered in my viscous fluids.
I feel a sense of guilt seeing that work of art.
I feel exhilarated.
I allowed you to watch me, so you’ll listen to me like you promised, right?
Snff... Oof that smell... I don’t hate it, but... I’ll hop in the shower for now...
Ah... Noah.
Yes?
Well, it feels like I’m about to cum again... I want you to accompany me one more time.
......
......
Tch!
......!
Haa... sure... go ahead.
My name’s Minato.
Please ejaculate within one minute. Also, after that, you’ll fulfill my request, no matter what.
I promise.
With your dick-brain... if I do this... you’ll cum instantly.
......!
My cock instantly gets hard even though I just came. I start masturbating again.
Oh, oh, a reaction beyond expectations... I just showed you my pussy a little, you truly are dick-brained.
Pussy, pussy...! Your pussy...!
That’s a pussy. A real one, not the imaginary one you’ve been dreaming of. Which do you prefer, the imaginary pussy or the real one?
A real pussy! A... realssy?
The reality in front of me is surpassing my imagination.
Her vivid peach-colored flesh gleams, dripping with her love honey.
It’s twitching.
It opens and closes like it’s waiting for something.
I can’t stop my hands.
It’s amazing.
I’m already about to cum.
Haha! You’re shaking your hips while masturbating. So pathetic... Did seeing a real pussy make you feel like you’re actually inside it?
You only got to see the pussy. Couldn’t put it in my pussy and can’t touch it. Still jerking off by yourself.
Uh, ugh...!
Come on, take a good look at the pussy. It’s a freshly menstruating... innocent, fertile pussy♡
A pussy waiting for a creampie. A pussy that craves your cum to impregnate it. Pulsating and craving dick milk. A blessed pussy.
I can only think of one thing while being bombarded with her dirty talk as she exposes her pussy.
Heat surges down to my groin.
I... I’m cumming again...!
Spill your dick milk wastefully again. Spill your seed. Splash your semen right in front of that fertile pussy.
Cum! Cum with that dick. Cum on that baby-making pussy. Cum on that pussy you can’t shoot inside of. Squirt! Your dick’s cumming. Cumming, cumming, cumming.
Cum! Waste that cum on me, on my blessed pussy. Cum on my body. Squirt, squirt, squirt.
With an unbelievable vitality for a second shot, semen splatters all over her body.
A violent ejaculation fueled by my desire to cum inside her.
I can’t cum inside, but that forbidden excitement overshadows that.
Phew... ew... It’s sticky... Are your balls okay after cumming that much?
You made me do that.
I guess our compatibility being too good is also a bit of a concern, huh?
Anyway, you now owe me twice. You’ll have to fulfill your promise.
(END)
Glp, glp... phew...
So... what do you want?
Tonight, I kneel before my sister-in-law, who just got back from work.
Please have sex with me.
Huh? I don’t want to...
Even if you don’t want to, it doesn’t matter. Please have sex with me.
I don’t want to. Back off.
I promised I’d have sex with you.
You could’ve asked before you made that promise... Plus, you’ve got Noah, don’t you?
We’re not actually related... but stop joking about that. Poor Noah.
Please have sex with Shuichiro.
What now?
Just like I said.
No... even if you bow down like that...
Just like I said.
Just like I said.
I desperately want to take a video of you two together...!
You shouldn’t be desperate about that.
You seem to have gotten used to it.
Because you guys are acting weird every day...
Please, for Noah!
Who gets turned on by her lover and sister’s sex tape?
Noah is... lacking masturbation content.
I don’t care.
I desperately want to masturbate to a sex tape of you and Shuichiro.
Please stop wanting to masturbate to a sex tape of me and Shuichiro.
Is that... frustration...? Can’t Shuichiro take care of that by himself?
Sex and masturbation are completely different... Some needs can only be fulfilled by masturbating.
Ah... hm... well... yes...
She struggles to articulate.
A-Are you... a virgin...?
Silence.
......
She nods awkwardly.
I’m a... non-virgin.
And I’m a... non-virgin.
Should I throw you back in prison?
We’re already in the Damned Ward, officially.
Well, okay... So, this is about Noah’s self-pleasure. I don’t get it, but... why not just record Minato and use that?
Shuichiro’s just not shlick material!
Don’t say stuff like that... Oh, is it because you’re too in love? Is that it?
His face doesn’t resonate with my crotch.
......
He looks really sad about that...
Snff, snff...
Come on, cheer up... You’re a couple, it means that Noah is drawn to your personality! That’s what’s important!
I’m not particularly fond of his personality either...
Are you kidding me...?
I like everything about him except his physique and personality.
That’s nothing then...
Noah and I... get along very well.
That’s right. Yeah. So, I love Shuichiro.
I love Noah’s physique and personality.
Aw...
You’re cruel... Is that really okay with you guys?
So, please have sex with me.
I don’t understand anything anymore...
That’s also your fault, you know.
Pardon?
Before coming to prison, Noah used to masturbate to videos she secretly recorded.
But now, to distance herself from voyeurism, she avoids any kind of video, including fiction.
Really? Is that true, Noah? That’s... great...!
Well, it’s only natural... or rather, that’s my only option...
What are you saying?! While your mistakes might be irreversible, you can still rebuild yourself from there. Making that effort is commendable.
......
Haa... I see... you...
Hold on... why is it my fault then...?
Because... you’re too defenseless.
Huh?
It’s true! You casually invite me to the bathroom, change in front of me as if Shuichiro isn’t there, and you even touch me without hesitation...!
I’m going crazy...!!!
You are crazy...
Noah is trying to quit voyeurism, but every time you tease her with that body, she gets the urge to peek again.
You say that but you’re the one naked...
I can’t masturbate to him... but I can masturbate to you...!
Hey, Minato, is it really my fault?
You’re trying to deceive my girl...
Damn, I’m surrounded...
Seems like it...
Why me?
Just once...! Let me be a voyeur just once...! With that video, I’ll keep jerking off for the rest of my life...!
......
My sister-in-law hesitates.
A normal person would just brush it off and tell us to stop joking.
But Noah is absolutely serious about it, and her sister knows that better than anyone.
And technically, if you have the person’s permission, it’s not voyeurism.
In the past, Noah was a literal “voyeur” who didn’t seek permission.
My sister-in-law knows that too. After all, she is her biggest victim.
Noah experienced a lot of things that made her grow in prison. She can appreciate her little sister’s sincere approach better than anyone.
Plus, the time they get to spend together is limited.
Even if we get out of this place, officially, we’re still locked up in the Damned Ward.
We might not be able to reunite casually.
Haa...
After careful consideration, she sighs.
Just once...
(END)
