So, the fight started when one guy said, ‘bottoms up’ over his drink. A guard thought he was asking for some backdoor play! They both got real anal about it, but I smoothed everything over!
Yeah? Well, good job. Keep up the hard work.
Is something worrying you, boss? I notice you haven’t been eating much of late.
I’m just feeling a bit under the weather, that’s all. Nothing a bit of time won’t fix. Now, take care.
She really has been a touch strange lately.
Think the rumors are true, then, Hidemi? Did that kid really...
Oh, don’t even think about that! Men, I tell ya, always jumping to the wildest conclusions. Let’s just keep all hush-hush and watch her come around, all right?
When I worked at a brothel, a quick regular at a neighboring establishment would often run his mouth: ‘Three years in the tunnel, three seconds in a woman.’
What in the world happened with her...?
Whew...
Haaa...
Hhhaaaa...
......
I’m so... bored.
......
I’m sooo boooored!
Since the room is empty, I take my chance to shout.
Why isn’t anything going right?!
I ask no one.
Of course, there’s no answer.
Phew...
I’ve been peeved off like you couldn’t believe ever since the game got canceled.
Why? I’m not sure, myself.
The boredom’s been hanging over me and it’s been bad, almost like I’m pent up somehow.
My focus has been falling off too. If I let this fester, I’ll set a terrible example for the family.
I’m worrying them enough as is.
If it’s come to this... guess I’ll have a Taekauncil. It’s been a while.
A Taekauncil.
A kind of meeting I’ve kept up since I was a little girl.
In it, there are roughly three Taeka Hataes in my head.
It’s like I’ve got a courtroom in there.
Let’s take the topic of the day: the ‘Been Kinda Off Lately’ issue.
First up, Matriarch Taeka.
Yeahhh! Let’s have a big ole meeting and get to the bottom of it!
Then, Needy Taeka.
Let’s not take too much time. Fretting like this simply isn’t logical.
Then, Logical Taeka.
Y-Yeah, let’s get to it.
Finally, True Taeka.
This is the basic cast. Sometimes, we’ll have Hungry Taeka or Pissed Taeka or Horny Taeka.
Having the competing desires inside myself talking and watching them with objective eyes is how I’ve always kept myself sane.
This is probably the reason people often say I’m world-wise.
Very well. Logical Taeka, let’s hear your reasoned analysis.
We know the cause: the game project the kid invited you to and the act of painting.
Yeah, yeah!
Though you had forgotten the joy of painting over the years of inheritance squabbles and intra-Kyushu conflict, the past month has reignited your passion and your desire to paint.
True, I always did like art more than all this.
To reinforce that, we have testimony from Artsy Taeka, as well.
I just love art and painting! I’m way better at it than this gang boss stuff!
Y-Yeah... I think so, too...
However, Taeka Hatae has neither the time nor the energy! The numbers show that we delegated more mediator work while doing the art for the game project, lowering efficiency by a full 45%!
S-Sorry...
But, like, painting and drawing and stuff is just real fun! People’ll even compliment you for it!
That’s true, too!
You are the leader of the Hatae Clan! Do you honestly believe the family will follow you if all you do is goof off on your canvas?
Y-You make a strong point!
Screw that! I wanna paint! I wanna have fun!
Yeah, yeah, me too!
And what if you lose yourself in your art and lose the ‘H’ we’re after?
Oh, well, g-good point!
Screw that! Being in charge wears me out! I wanna have some fun sometimes!
Hrmm...!
Arguments heard! Now, silence!
The desire to make art is in us. I acknowledge that. Game dev has definitely got its charms.
But we are Taeka Hatae, the leader of the Hatae Clan, a group with thousands of soldiers at its beck and call.
As the top, what we’ve got to think about is the children we’ve passed the cup with.
That’s... what we all agreed on, all those years ago.
......
We can do all the painting we want after retirement. What we need to do now is catch whoever’s spreading the ‘H’ that’s tearing our kids up and make an example of ’em.
So, how about it? What say we wrap up here, True Taeka?
Y-Yeah... You’ve got a point.
Yeah... This is just how it is.
I’ve got a thousand things I’ve gotta do here in the slammer... and my personal desire ain’t one of them.
I know that. I understand that. Yet.
Haah...
I can’t stop letting out these saddened sighs.
Hm...?
Who the fuck do you think you are?!
Hello.
Hey, it’s the kid! What the hell’s he doing...?
I told you, man! There’s some insane rumors about you going around in the family ’round now!
Looks like it.
You better believe it ‘looks like it,’ jackass! Why’d you have to drag me into this?!
When you’re nearby... I feel braver.
......
This ain’t where I want you to be brave, man!
I’m here to see the Chief. Please let me through.
The fuck you think you’re running your mouth about, you little pissant, when’d you get so big ’n brave?!
Please let me through.
Behind us is the leader of the Hatae Clan! We can’t let you through unless you’ve got a damn good reason!
It’s really important.
I want the Chief to do art for me again.
Huh? So you haven’t given up yet, kid?
I’ve got a reputation to keep, so I can’t step out and let him in.
If he’s come this far, though...
...then I can come up with some reason to toss him a lifeline.
Art, you say? Well, I’m afraid our boss is busy and has no time to waste on such frivolities.
It’s really important to me.
Come on. Keep at it.
Graaahhhhhhh! Oraaaaahhhh!
No matter how much you yell or threaten me, my feelings... will not change.
Just keep pushing. Come on.
If you don’t listen and turn around, I might have to give you the old skrk-skrk with a shiv or two!
Because my heart burns.
If you’ve got a fucking fever, then come back when you’re fucking well rested!
Sometimes, a man has to leave reason behind and force his way through.
Come on. I’m right here.
I will not move until the Chief refuses me herself.
There we go, kid!
Only she can decide if it’s a waste of time or not.
You tell ’em!
So let me at least speak to her.
Just a bit more! Just a bit more guts!
I’m beggin’ you, man, let’s get outta here!
Okay, Ozawa, if it’s that important to you.
Ozawa, you son of a...!
Don’t wander into a spot this rough again, civvie!
You left your cell with your hair looking like that?
Huh?! Goddamn, I’ve got bedhead. Woulda never fuckin’ noticed if you hadn’t fuckin’ said something, you thoughtful piece of shit!
H-Hey!
With Ozawa pushing him in between apologetic nods, the kid leaves. Turning back every two seconds, but he leaves nonetheless.
He was so damn close!
God, can I not catch a break?
Nothing is going my way.
What was that thing Dad—my old man used to always say?
Being chief is all responsibility, no perks,” was it
Kid really knows how to show up with the worst timing, huh?
I pull up my bangs in frustration.
Looks like it’ll be a while before I can paint again.
Quiet finally returns to the forest of books.
My shadow is the only one in this spot, unseeable from most angles in the library. It wavers in the subtle movements of the setting sun.
......
I am trying to put into words this strange sensation. One I have never felt before.
It is akin to a sigh of long-awaited relief.
Yet also like having part of my heart put to a small splash of water—cold.
The library is nearly freezing to be in.
......
I think it is better this way, though.
That is simply what I am—something no one should know about.
I should be the only one to melt into this dark—
Chisatooo!
Hn?!
I reflexively hide under my chair.
Appearing out of nowhere is... him.
I remember that he had been sent to solitary.
Is his term over? Is he back from it?
Is she not here?
......
I was hoping to get her to write the story again...
......
A shame.
......
A huge one.
L-Loud monologuing...
Write the... story?
Does that mean he wants me to write for him again?
Even after getting sent to solitary? Even after going through all that?
He still... wants to make that game?
Ah, well. Unfortunate, but... we’ll have to come back later.
H-He’s... talking with someone?
Wait, maybe she’s under the table? I haven’t checked there yet.
B-But there’s no one there...
Hrah!
Eep!
Oh, the table broke.
M-My god.
He’s surprisingly persistent.
Here and there he looks, punctiliously checking every corner and cranny.
I hope he leaves soon.
And what’s an inmate like yourself doing crawling around a place like this?
A guard appears. Her footfalls relaxed.
Yet he turns to her fearlessly with a question.
Have you seen Chisato anywhere around, ma’am?
Chisato, you say?
H-Hell...
It is a vision of hell.
Yes, Chisato. She’s a girl wearing black rags with her bangs over her right eye.
Oh? She wears black, does she?
Ahh, p-please... Please stop...
Of all the people you could have asked.
She has a baby face and is really cute. Oh, and her voice is really clear, and she has this beautiful eye.
That’s how you see her, is it?
Please, no more...
I think you’ll see her in much the same way, ma’am.
I wonder about that.
Y-You dumbassssss.
He might actually be just a little stupid.
Oh, my. Why, pray tell, is this chair in pieces?
About that, ma’am. It turned that way when I touched it. The chairs here are old and on the verge of breaking, so—
I see.
Hn!
Someone appears out of nowhere.
And slams him to the ground.
......?
He blinks in shock, blood flowing from his nose.
You broke prison property. Do you not find it appropriate, then, that you are to be punished?
But I didn’t mean t—
Don’t move.
He gets pinned to the ground and has his joints bent.
......?!
Stay put. You’ll dislocate a joint.
I feel like even I can hear the creaking of bone.
Dragging her right leg, Captain Yugao approaches and slowly bends down to him.
I’ll give you a warning. Never again say that sewer rat’s name in my presence.
What do you mean?
I did not allow questions.
Ghk...!
Eep!
He stiffens up from the shock delivered by her cane.
Goodness. There’s simply nothing more bothersome to deal with than one who’s forgotten his position.
I let out a yelp because I know that pain all too well.
I’ll let you off with that warning but do listen well. If you even think of approaching that girl again, you’re going to wish I was this easy on you.
You don’t like pain, do you? Then just forget this. All of this. Think of her as just a mirage you saw in the darkness. A trick of the light.
Gn...!
If you don’t, you’ll end up someplace that makes solitary look like a five-star hotel. Understood, boy?
With that, she leaves, the unsettling staccato of her cane getting quieter and quieter.
After a few minutes, he finally gets up.
......
Then, with shaky footfalls, he leaves as well.
Quiet returns to my blind spot.
The space forgets human heat and fills itself again with cold.
......
I do not expect him to return. Not after that beating.
He must have learned that only greater pain awaited him should he come after me.
Well, if he isn’t dumber than I thought, anyway.
T-Though that... i-is pretty possible.
He shouldn’t come here.
He shouldn’t involve himself with me.
......
That’s the only way to protect the kindhearted fool who once told me he needed me.
(END)
Back in my cell, I feel nostalgic. It’s been a while.
I hated this place when I first got here and resented being cooped up in this cage, but...
...now I feel like I’m finally home.
The only complaint is that it’s still strangely cold in here. Right, Shuichiro?
Yeah, Amatsu. That’s the only minus.
I hear a storm outside.
The solitary confinement cell completely shuts out sounds from the outside world, rendering it completely silent.
Even noise naturally warms my heart.
Let’s do what we always do, Shuichiro.
Oh, thanks. It would be my honor.
I hold hands with Amatsu.
Gripping their crotches to warm up is simply what men do when they are cold.
After letting the warmth course through my body, I look up at the ceiling.
I... didn’t get to talk with any of them.
Not a single one of the three.
Was I just unlucky? Are they avoiding me?
I haven’t been avoided by someone since sports day.
Ah, back when you scored three goals on your own net at two to nil in the back half, wrenching defeat from the clutches of victory.
It hurts a lot more now than then, though.
Because I can’t make the game if I don’t have them around.
I do have to say, Shuichiro, that persuading them will be very difficult.
Amatsu keeps his cool.
The game dev is no longer part of the rehabilitation program, after all.
In other words, there’s no way to force them into it.
I’ve lost permission from the prison already.
Even worse, the warden herself explicitly forbade it.
If we did it, we’d have to do it in the shadows and make sure not to get caught.
But to them, there’s no merit to going that far.
If we get found again, the responsibility likely won’t fall only on me.
What I need now... are bargaining chips.
Chips that will persuade them. That will win them over to me so that we can get back to making our game.
How would I find them, though?
That said, Shuichiro, don’t we have more pressing matters to attend? Two?
Good point.
I take out the two prostate massagers I hid under my bed.
I’m currently under direct guard surveillance.
If these get found out, game dev will be the least of my worries.
My anus is an open hiding spot, but... I can only hold one.
In other words, I have to get rid of the other. Completely.
I’ve just got so much on my plate.
You might want to start thinking about it. It’s too cold today too. Might be the storm.
I wonder if this cell’s walls are thinner than the others?
As I touch the cold wall, the thought occurs to me.
I might be able to grind the massager away if I grind the walls with it.
Striking back at the hateful wall, huh?
It might be some nice stress relief.
I hold the massager correctly and jam it into the wall.
......?
Then, I hear something fall over.
The section of wall I smacked crumbles before my eyes.
......
I give the wall another grinding smack with the massager.
The wall crumbles more and more in an almost comical fashion.
Then, when I make a small, solid hole...
Oh, my.
......
Cold air pours in from it.
Apparently, that hollow space is a remnant of what the prison used to be.
This was back when the island was still just a coal mine, before it had running water through undersea pipelines.
Apparently, three hundred tons of water were brought to the island by ship twice a day.
The water was stored in a giant reservoir tank and then sent to the tanks at the top of each building on the island.
That water was then distributed to rooms via pipes attached to those tanks.
The hole becomes the focal point of my days.
You have been really walkin’ around a lot lately, huh?
Oh, talkin’ about recent stuff, I got this call from my girl on the outside, yeah? And she’s telling me to get a certification like anything that can help me get a job right after I’m out of here.
When I take a good look at the prison’s buildings, I notice pipe-like protrusions crawling along the walls of the old facilities.
Since the large reservoir tank sent water to each other building’s tank, that means all the pipes are connected.
So since all I’ve been doin’ lately is cooking, I got to thinking, you know, maybe I’ll get a culinary certification.
The pipes branch out and go any and everywhere.
I’m out here checking just how they’re connected.
I jot down what I see from memory, then check what connects where when I leave my cell.
Whoa, he’s back again...? M-Maybe he really is stupid...
I draw it out, forming a makeshift map.
Then, back in my cell, I grind and grind away.
Hnn... Phew...!
The massager isn’t sturdy like iron, so the process isn’t very efficient.
Worse, the grinding is on the louder side.
This means I have to be cautious and grind only on days when there’s a storm out.
Even so, you’ve made a lot of progress, Shuichiro.
Yeah, look at how busted up the massager is.
As I grind away at the wall, debris from it builds up.
I pick up the remnants of the wall at my feet.
And jam it into my ass.
Nnnn...!
Then, I let it out.
Chunk after chunk of wall is plunked onto the grass.
Why the squat over the bushes? Some new kind of exercise?
Mr. Kugitani happens to find me.
Oh. Look, this is the last place you want to take a dump. It’s not going to be pretty if a guard finds you.
This is a wall.
Finally gone crazy, huh? Everyone starts seeing things after some time behind the fence, but this is a first for me.
I have been misunderstood, I think to myself.
And so, I explain my reasoning.
Old pipes, huh? That’s a surprise. Had no idea. And they’re brittle enough to grind open?
The construction work was kind of sloppy, so it’s easy to take apart.
And from your ass back into the soil, huh? The cycle of life.
This handily gets rid of the evidence.
I loaded up a lot, so there’s a bit more.
An incredible sight.
You showed up with perfect timing.
Doesn’t look that way to me.
There’s something I wanted you to procure.
Yeah? Ask away. I might even give you a discount on laxatives.
I want some construction paper.
To wipe your ass with?
Something bigger than that and dull gray. Ideally by tonight.
I draw a big rectangle with my fingers.
I can work my connections with the paper room to get something. If you want it tonight, it’ll be around eight o’clock.
Thanks. I can pay right away.
Don’t worry about it. Call it my penance for seeing your asshole.
A fierce wind is blowing again tonight.
The lights of my cell blink on and off.
I’ve just about ground my first massager down to nothingness.
You’ve really made the hole bigger, Shuichiro.
Yeah... about enough to fit my head in.
I stick my head into it.
It’s too dark to see much of anything, but I can tell it extends out into a wider space.
If you can get your head in there, your body should be able to follow. Just a little more now.
Progress was a lot faster than I expected.
You can do anything you put your mind to, Shuichiro.
And it isn’t the first time I’ve expanded something with one of these, either.
So you’re used to opening holes, huh?
I pull my head out and turn around.
I see Kurebayashi, leaning against a pushcart.
Kurebayashi.
Didn’t know you were that into unbirthing.
What are you doing here?
Night duty. I’m passing out books. That hardcover you asked for came back, so I was told to pass it to you.
I take the book from her.
Inside is a folded sheet of construction paper.
Ah, I see. That’s what the poster is for—you can’t hide a hole that big.
......
I was wondering what those strange sounds I heard every night were, but... I get it. It connected here, huh?
She has an appraising, amused look on her face.
Since she said such terrible things to me before when all I’d done was talk to her, I had thought she’d hated me.
Could you keep this a secret?
Maybe I can, maybe I can’t.
I beg of you.
Depends on your attitude.
You’re brilliant. Slender. A computer genius. The third prettiest person in the world.
All right, that last part was half-assed.
I mean, looking objectively, I think the prettiest has to be Sis.
Yeah, there’s no beating out Sis.
So, I beg of you.
Well. I don’t mind.
I unfold the paper and quickly push it against the wall.
How are you planning on sticking that to the wall, anyway?
......
I had snuck out the stickiest thing I could find from tonight’s dinner.
I try adhering each corner of the paper to the wall with it, but it heartlessly refuses to stick.
I didn’t know mochi stuck this... poorly.
Looks like tonight’s rare drop dropped you.
I truly despise the spicy daikon-covered mochi I smuggled in here for this purpose.
Let me give you another hot tip. We’re in for a Chapter 69 tonight.
Gh...!
Out of your beds and on your feet! Hands on the wall and stand still—now!
See?
If I’m found, it’s back to solitary for me.
My score will increase, I’ll become a lower rank prisoner, and they’ll plug up the hole.
What do I do?
I can give you some advice. On conditions, of course.
Really?
Hold out your hand.
Here.
Ur... Nnn... Ugghh...
Kurebayashi?
Blllccckkkk!
Kurebayashi.
I’m good at hurling stuff up.
Eww.
I have been given a pile of vomit.
There should be some double-sided tape I got from the shipyard in there. I was going to use it to fix my drone controller.
This greenish, thin thing...?
You dolt, that’s the spinach from tonight’s dinner. You’re looking for th—oh, these are beads.
You really... swallow everything, huh?
I tend to put anything rare or interesting into my stomach.
She’s like a baby that’s just learned to crawl, I think to myself.
Oh! Here we go, this is the stuff.
I quickly take it out from the sludge and tape the paper to the wall.
The tape is covered in stomach acid, but having still been sealed, it’s as sticky as ever.
And at a glance, the wall looks normal—it isn’t obvious that anything has been taped there.
Now you owe me.
Looks like you’ve found something real interesting. I’ll be taking a slice of that pie you dug out.
With that, Kurebayashi gallantly takes her leave.
Leaving behind nothing but reeking vomit.
I quickly scramble to clean it up.
Number 0720, open your cell!
Sofurin shows up at nearly the same time.
Time for Chapter 69, effective imm—hm? Something smells acidic. And disgusting.
Answer me now, Number 0720. What were you doing?
I wasn’t doing anything.
Lying won’t get you anywhere. We’ve had a freak before who stockpiled smegma until he had enough to fashion a softball—we’re onto you. All of you.
And this smell! Who brought you up to leave such a reek?
It was mostly my... sister who raised me.
Hah! I want to know if she’d be proud of you, smelling this sty.
She has a point, I think to myself.
Still, Sofurin seems to be in a worse mood than usual.
Because a certain someone got sent to solitary, leaving me with a mountain of paperwork to file. Gave my eyes a workout I didn’t ask for.
Your suspicious demeanor has earned you the first check! Pull out your genitals and will them into a proper erection, now!
I expose myself, as usual.
Sofurin gets into position, stopwatch in hand.
Ejaculation examination, begin!
Urgh!
I ejaculate immediately.
Some of my semen flies over the beaker.
That was... fast.
The semen that blasted out has stuck itself to the construction paper on the wall.
Gh...!
I do appreciate the speed, but... wasn’t that a bit too quick? Not exactly my field, but...
It looks like being locked away in solitary for two weeks had quite the effect.
Well, speed aside... where did the rest of your semen fly off to? I’ll collect it.
Collect...?
Why the surprise? We have to keep strict records of your semen levels. I can’t just write it ‘slipped away somewhere.’
I... cannot have her search my room.
Where did it go off to...? Ugh, wish my vision wasn’t so blurry... Hey, don’t just stand there—get searching. Unless you want to stand there all night.
It’s too dark to see... Not like I’d recognize it by touch, either... Ugh, and I don’t want to kneel into it, either. I can just hear the damn Calabash Bitch mocking me about it...
She would most definitely recognize it by touch, wiping around like that.
Cum into the beaker again, Shuichiro!
But the second shot will be so much less. I’ll fail the test anyway.
You’ll manage if you have some other stimulation! That’s it—the massager! Go, Shuichiro!
Gh...!
Find anything y—
Found it.
Oh? In that case...
Haa, haa...
You’re awfully out of breath.
I searched... really hard.
Well, if you found it, that’s all that matters. Let me check the measurement...
She holds the beaker steady, stares at it, then lets out a solemn nod.
Amount looks just about right too. Very well—get right to bed, then.
Looks like I’m going to have to order another piece of paper to cover that up.
(END)
Even with the hole complete, I can’t afford to crawl around inside it willy-nilly.
If I don’t know the lay of the land, I risk getting lost in the pipes and dying.
So, I get to work mapping it out.
C’mon, Shuichiro, no need to be such a stranger. Mr. Kugitani’s playin’ catch over there, how ’bout joining in?
I hate ball games.
Hold up, hold up, hold up! Haven’t those two always been together lately? Oh, if they’re an item, I’m not gonna hold back!
I’m walking around with Ozawa because being on my own would only invite suspicion.
I need you with me, Ozawa.
Guoh! I knew it! Oh god, oh god!
Huh? Well, okay, if it’s that important to you.
Oh yeah, remember that stuff about that culinary license? So, I got to really thinking about it and talked it over with one of the guards.
However, prisoners are only allowed to walk over the paved paths.
Harsh punishment awaits the moment you step outside of one.
She said they’d try to meet me halfway, you know? Maybe even have me permanently working in the kitchen too.
Meaning that if a pipe extends beyond where I’m allowed to walk, I can’t check the rest of it.
And I haven’t scouted even half the way to my destination.
The paint of a few prison buildings has been torn off by the recent storm!
As I mull over that, Officer Yamagishi shouts in the cafeteria.
A clean heart is borne from clean surroundings, meaning we will be repainting today! All who wish to volunteer, say I!
The sea winds render the prison walls quick to degrade.
I-I! Let me paint, boss. L-Let me get in there!
Repainting the walls many times a year costs money, so the prison leans on asking for the prisoners to volunteer.
You’re asking a guard to ‘let you get in there?’ Get in where with what?!
Since the winds are so cold and they won’t let you bathe if you get covered in paint, it’s not very popular.
Huh...?
Since it’s mostly done by brown-nosers, prisoners tend to look down on it.
Will no one else volunteer?!
I, Number 0720, would like to volunteer.
I, of course, immediately raise my hand.
Yeesh! Would it kill the weather to be a bit warmer...?
The painting is carried out during break time the very same day.
We’re handed two colors of paint that we attach to our waists, then search for and fix spots with peeled paint.
Make sure to let your partner know right away if you get paint in your eye—we don’t want any accidents! We’re finishing this in an hour! Begin!
The work is carried out in pairs.
Y-You’re here to win points with the bosses too, Exhibitiman? Y-Yeah, I bet, there’s a lot of a-advantages when they’re on your side. H-Has no one noticed that yet? Eheh, heh heh...
My partner is Crappymori.
The task is simple and boring. We just paint a normal wall a single color.
I-I did a lot of jobs part time on the outside... Painting too. The weirdest work I did was as an exterminator. P-Pests and stuff...
The building we’ve been ordered to paint is one we’re not normally allowed to enter.
S-So I’d leave out these poison dumplings for rats to eat... T-Then have to collect the bodies, s-see?
This means that I can get a nice good look at the pipes I’m unfamiliar with.
Still, those are just the pipes in and around a single building. There’s still a ways to go to my destination.
I want to know the way there.
......
Then, I notice something.
If I go to the building a few dozen meters ahead, I can tell where this pipe ends.
And it turns out, that’s a spot I’ve already passed by.
Crappymori.
I don’t have much time.
Big sorry, bro.
Huh? About wh—
So I take the quickest option.
Agahaha?! H-Hold it, hold it, hold it!
I grab all of the paint that’s left and start slapping it into the wall with rough strokes.
If you’re supposed to be studying instead of blowing loads, why do they call it magna-cum-laude...?
First Officer Yamagishi!
What’s wrong?!
What is going on h—? What? What is this?!
I-I didn’t do anything! He just started getting into it all of a sudden?!
Gwuh?!
Into what?! Watch your language!
Crappymori is pushed away.
That’s when Sofurin shows up.
What’s going on, Officer Yamagishi? Explain.
Disobeying of orders, ma’am! Number 0720’s pair painted this in flashy colors!
Sofurin looks up at the wall I’ve painted.
Ah. This.
The wall reads:
http://0721454585850811919800856969.cumshot
What’s the meaning of this?
It’s... an adult site, ma’am.
What’s the meaning of this?!
It’s the URL of my favorite site!
An adult site?! How obscene, how filthy! Call for the SST, right away!
Answer me! Why did you paint your favorite site’s URL on this wall?!
I thought the view could use some pizazz.
I wished to rub my expression on the wall.
More like rub one out on the wall, you pervert!
The SST appears before I know it and smacks me down.
Seriously, why write this?
They leave me a complaint for good measure.
To write something this filthy in a space as sacred as our prison is unthinkable! Plus 0.08 to your score, and you are immediately sentenced to solitary!
Understood.
His partner is just as guilty! Take her to solitary!
Whaaaaat?!
With that, we’re carried back into the pit.
Time’s up, Number 0720. Get out.
They let me out four days later.
A damn shame, really. I wanted to hear you cry out in pain to your sister some more. ‘Big sis, save meee!’ and all that, hee, hee, hee!
......
No dinner today—you go right to your cell. Fix your posture and don’t drag your feet.
Sofurin is in charge of moving me.
Are you just trying to piss me off, doing this while you’re on my watch? Do you just want them to tell me off?
I get the blame for your little stunts, and I have to do the cleanup work!
Sorry. Again.
An apology’s not going to cut it! What? Do you like solitary that much?
Every prisoner calms down for at least three months after a stint down there... and you’re here setting a new record.
In any case, clean up your act. You do this again and you—
I didn’t particularly want to go down into solitary.
But I didn’t really have a choice. It was the most efficient option.
The most efficient way to get to the solitary cells.
I look up at the building while ignoring Sofurin’s scolding.
You got all that?
Yes, ma’am.
And I burn the pipes leading to my destination into memory.
It doesn’t look like anyone noticed the hole in my cell.
It’ll all come falling down if they find this, Shuichiro.
Yeah. We were lucky.
I stroke the construction paper and let out a sigh of relief.
Then, I put down my pencil and flip through my rehabilitation journal.
It’s done.
Now I have the route to my destination in my head.
It’s finally time, Shuichiro.
Yeah.
Lights-out! Sicko Squad, sleep!
The cell ward is plunged into darkness.
Now, until six o’clock tomorrow morning.
There are no eyes on me.
Time to get moving.
I whisper as I flip up the construction paper, revealing the hole and the path it leads to.
The pipe is more spacious inside than I expected.
There’s enough space to hold myself up pushing both hands against the sides.
Still, it isn’t a place I can recommend to the claustrophobic.
Indeed. You could easily starve to death in here if you got lost.
You can say that again.
The pipes are on the diagonal side, but the angles inside aren’t too rough.
Crawling forward on all fours proves faster than I expected.
I divide my trip into sections of ten minutes apiece while thinking of the map I drew in my journal.
Okay, looks like we’re on the surface.
Since the pipes on the surface are mostly exposed to outside air, it gets a lot colder.
That helps me realize my position.
It takes about twenty-five minutes to get to the big reservoir tank.
Passing through here, I should be able to make it to any building in the prison. In theory.
It’s split off into six paths...
I pick one of them to go down this time.
The slope isn’t that steep, but I could probably slide down it if I had a cardboard box or something.
Eventually, the pipe becomes level again.
This is where most of the prison facilities are bunched together, so the pipes have gotten complicated.
There’s not much further to go now.
Around here, the pipes start to see more wear, tear, and rust.
Watch for the pipe crumbling under you, Shuichiro.
Yea—
Right then, the pipe snaps under me.
I fall down, head first.
(END)
Yes, all the information is as I sent. We’re low on basic treatment drugs. Yes, we’ll be needing more insulin shots for our type-1 diabetics, yes.
Yes. Ah, yes, right. That’s right, from Minai Pharmaceuticals. Thank you. Goodbye.
Phew.
Nnn...
Glg... glg...
Phew... All right.
......
* Pictured: The face a diligent doctor makes when she is, in fact, very horny.
......
* Pictured: The face she makes when she’s killing it work-wise but still getting hornier.
......
* Pictured: The face she makes when she thinks, “it’s been a while, could go for some sex.”
It’s been a while, could go for some sex...
* Pictured: The face she makes when she realizes she said that out loud.
I guess I’m pent up? They do say women get hornier the older they get...
It’s so quiet.
......
Mm... mmh...
......
......
......
......
Mm...
Ah... Nn...
Ahh...
Ha... nnn... mmm...
Gyahhhhhh?!
W-Whaddahell?!
W-Who are you? What’s going on?!
That really hurt.
Shuichiro?!
Hello.
Haaaah! Thank goodness, I thought you were someone dangerous!
The world considers me dangerous.
Seriously, though, what a relief! You gave me such a scare! I’m glad you weren’t a burglar or something!
I am technically a criminal.
Haah... God, kid, you’re such a troublemaker!
Seeing her crumble down on the verge of tears, I feel big sorry.
Huh? Wait, how’d you get in here, anyway?
Through there.
I point at the thin wall I broke with my ass.
I decide to also explain what’s going on.
The pipes, huh? Wait... Wow! They’re still around? Oh, whoa, I see it up there!
A hole had opened from one of the more brittle parts, and it collapsed under me.
Dr. Higuchi brings me warm tea and bandages.
Here, just... have a drink. Gosh, that was so scary... There’s so much I ought to say, but it all got blown out of my head.
I sit in my regular check-up seat.
Even knowing they’re all connected, those pipes are so tight... I couldn’t do it, lemme tell ya.
There was a place I wanted to go, and taking the pipes was the most logical choice.
Logic, huh...? You know, you’re really wise beyond your years.
Am I?
Yeah, and I think you’ve got this... unyielding will.
She peers into my eyes as if trying to probe my intent.
If you’re thinking about something risky like a jailbreak, I do have to stop you. Position-wise, you know.
Couldn’t be further from my mind.
Oh? Why?
Because I can’t make my game if I up and leave.
I need the members of Team 69.
You really do have a strong heart, don’t you?
I can’t say I think the same.
Oh, don’t be so modest. Most people would give up in your position, but you’re trucking on.
I just don’t have a reason to leave.
I know this is going to sound cliche, but... have you considered just carrying out your sentence and making your game when you get out?
In twenty years?
Your score can go down, so you might make it out earlier if you really work at it.
You would have me make my game with an ancient body, bones creaking?
You’re not going to be, you know, ancient. You wouldn’t be that much older than me...
Twenty! Years!
.......
I shout louder than expected.
No need to shout, yeah? You’ll give me a scare.
I’m not mad or anything.
I can tell. I know you’re not mad, Shuichiro.
To me, even a year in the future is unfathomably distant.
Ten years? Twenty years? I can’t even imagine it.
There’s no point if I don’t do this now.
Besides, there’s no guarantee I’ll be able to make it with those three when I’m out.
I don’t know if I’ll even be able to see them on the outside, either.
Our sentences are different lengths too.
I want to make it with those three.
I don’t really understand why.
But for now, that desire is strong.
I’d even lay down my life for it.
That’s why I’m going to where I can get bargaining chips.
It’s the reason I spent all that time to map out the routes through the pipes.
That’s why you went to solitary? You defaced the wall on purpose?
It was the most efficient way.
Goodness! You’ll really go to any lengths, huh? I’m always surprised by that passion of yours.
I am passionate. I’m on fire.
I just want to do this, no matter what.
They say solitary is hell, but even that feels like a trifle in the face of my passion.
I feel like if I don’t make it, I can’t live.
It pushes me forward. Makes me able to do anything.
Proving your existence, huh?
Proving my... existence?
Like you’re showing who you are. To you right now, making that game is how you get there.
Until now, I only truly felt alive when I was out and naked.
Yet, now, I feel most alive when I’m acting in service of my game.
You know what? I think that’s great. I’m cheering you on, Shuichiro!
She approves with a smile.
That makes me really, really happy.
I feel a lot of confidence coming o—
I hear footsteps.
Huh? Oh! Quick, hide down here!
......!
Just sit tight, okay? You don’t want to get sent to solitary again, right?
My cheeks are squished together. I can’t say a thing.
Erikooooooo!
Bursting through the door is Sofurin.
Oh, if it isn’t Sonya. What’s got you in a twist tonight?
That crazy nun and the Calabash Bitch went and dumped even more work on me! Again!
This is a Sofurin I don’t know.
She’s going on and on in a voice I can’t imagine coming from her.
Oh, that sounds terrible. Well, don’t worry, I know you’re a real hard worker. There, there.
Snff... Whenever anyone messes up, they always blame me for it!
She’s crying. A lot.
It’s not even my fault that Number 0720’s up to no good! I mean, I’m keeping an eye on him like I should!
What he does, it just makes no sense...
It’s my fault.
You might have a point there...
I do feel pretty guilty, I think to myself.
You can’t always be watching everyone, either. You tend to try to do everything yourself, so of course you’re going to get worn out.
Yeah... Yeah...
It feels kind of like I’m watching Doraemon console Nobita, I think to myself.
W-Why do they have to get so mad at me? If they’d just utilize a more holistic method of task management, they could impact the situation in a deeper way...
Sofurin has her arms around Dr. Higuchi’s shoulders in a cloying embrace, I think.
You really know your business-speak, huh, Sonya?
But I can’t see too clearly.
Those two really are harsh on you, though, huh? I wonder why?
All they care about is career advancement! They want to grab the initiative and make the prison work as they please... and since I’m also a captain they see me as an obstacle.
Dr. Higuchi’s crotch takes up my entire vision.
I’ve never seen underwear that wasn’t family’s up this close before.
The warden has no interest in operating the prison, so those two think now’s their chance.
Her panties are snugly packed beneath her black stockings.
Warden Mizushiro is more of a scholar than an administrator, true...
Her stockings are really smooth, and they rub against my cheeks every time she fidgets.
It’s a very nice feeling.
The warden has to think they’re trouble, though. I mean, the Calabash Bitch’s got so much control over the SST, not even the warden can order them around...
Julia’s pretty beloved by the prisoners too, so she can’t go against her too much either.
It’s a warm, relieving feeling.
I don’t think top-down management is that great, but the power balance here is bizarre.
It has a strange appeal to it. It makes me want to stay here forever.
Hey, it’s pretty late, and you’ve got work tomorrow morning, right? You can’t come cryin’ to me if you get yelled at for waking up late!
Yeah, you’re right... Thanks, Eriko.
No problem, come back any time. Okay, which hand’s got the candy?
Left...
Absolutely right! Take care heading back!
It’s so... sweet.
So good...
She drags herself off, but with her back straighter than it was when she showed up.
There she goes... Hey, you can come out now.
I crawl out from under the desk.
Thank you.
Not at all, not at all. So, how were my legs?
They smelled just like my sister’s.
It really brings me back.
They were also kind of sweaty and had... another weird smell to them.
W-Well, let’s forget about that.
......?
Dr. Higuchi strokes the photo frame on her desk, her cheeks red.
Does she come here often?
Who, Sonya? Mmm, I’d say about once a week.
My eyes move to the photo.
I see Sofurin with a smile like I’ve never seen before, holding up a youthful peace sign.
She’s so... young.
This photo’s from right after she joined up.
I’ve never seen her make a face like that.
Well, being a prison guard’s a really stressful job, you know?
So Sofurin didn’t have those dead-fish eyes from the start.
......
I feel like my view of her has changed a little.
It’s about time I got going too. I’ve got to hurry to my destination.
I slip my foot into the open hole.
Would you mind keeping quiet about this, Dr. Higuchi?
Mmm... All right! As long as you don’t do anything dangerous.
Oh, but make absolutely sure you don’t hurt anyone and don’t go anywhere that could harm you. Okay?
I promise.
Mm. I believe you, since I know you’re not the type to do that.
Dr. Higuchi’s words are always comforting to hear.
I do have one more request.
Come visit sometime, would you? It gets so quiet around here at night, it’s scary.
Got it.
Great. So, where’s the candy?
I point to her right hand. The candy’s inside.
Enjoying its gentle sweetness, I head back into the dim pipe.
Phew...
......
Nnn...?
Oh. I’m wet. I guess I really
(END)
It takes a lot of energy to get back to my cell.
I have to stretch my hands and feet out and climb the vertical pipe like a spider.
I’m glad I trained down in the coal mine.
The body really is a resource, Shuichiro.
As the pipe gets more narrow, I have to start crawling.
Nnn!
What’s the matter, Amatsu?
Friction. Blood is swelling into me.
I’ll have to make sure we don’t open another hole with that stiff body of yours.
Haha, oh, you.
I’m not worried about getting lost anymore.
All of this matches up with the route I remember from walking around and checking the lay of the land.
I’ll just turn here, keep going down diagonally, then go straight.
Here we are.
I made it to the door of the warden’s office.
This is definitely it, Shuichiro.
Yeah, looks just like the place we were dragged to before.
This is where I wanted to go.
The flash drive she confiscated is sleeping in this office’s desk.
This is where our game data is.
Tonight, we check the lock on the door.
I don’t know what kind of security the warden’s office has to it.
So my goal today is to check the lock, and then discuss what I found with Mr. Kugitani. However...
It’s not locked.
What?
The heavy door opens slowly.
......
This is unexpected. I feel my temperature shooting up.
I begin to rifle through the sterile-smelling room.
If she hasn’t thrown it away already, it has to still be here!
I don’t have much time.
Let’s split up and look. That’ll be faster!
I’ll check here. You check there!
I strip down and bone up, searching the room with Amatsu.
Wishing desperately that the warden simply forgot to dispose of it, I look through every shelf.
I can’t turn on the lights, and eventually, my eyes acclimate to the darkness.
It’s not here, either!
When you hid your porn, Shuichiro, where did you put it?
Oh! Under the bed!
I dash to the bed in the room’s blind spot and put my hand underneath it.
I find inside a pile of single-spaced papers bound together.
Don’t panic, Shuichiro! It might just be under the mattress!
The false bottom approach!
I can keep calm. There’s no need to panic.
The warden isn’t going to show up this late at night.
Yeah, I have plenty of t—
Urgh!
The sudden light burns my eyes.
I reflexively pull the bed’s covers over myself.
What’s going—
S-Shuichiro!
My eyes finally adjust to the light.
......
Soldiers I’ve never seen before are covering the door.
And at their head stands...
Just what is the meaning of this, Shuichiro Minato?
...the boss of this prison.
I was made to sit in the chair in front of the desk after that.
Sticker-like objects are pasted all over my body, and they’re all connected to the tablet in the warden’s hand.
I seek objective feedback whenever I converse with prisoners. Do think of this device like a lie detector.
I have no choice but to nod.
If anyone’s in control of this conversation, it’s her.
How... did you know I would come?
Intuition.
When you’ve done this job as long as I have, you develop a sort of sixth sense for it.
The soldiers in black combat gear are still behind her.
They have submachine guns hanging around their necks.
They don’t look anything like the SST, either.
Now, would you like to explain why you snuck into my office and wrapped yourself in my bedsheets, naked?
I... like older women.
I decide to test her.
So I couldn’t help myself from jumping into your bed.
I see. I imagine the adventure satisfied you, then.
She does not play ball.
Is this what you were searching for?
She holds a small flash drive in her hand.
I feel my heart make a particularly loud thump.
A splendid reaction.
......
She says as she looks at her tablet, having gotten her answer.
I’ll have to find out how you managed to escape from your cell too, and how you managed to make your way here.
She doesn’t know how I got here.
That means she doesn’t know about the pipes yet.
You have committed at least fifteen code of conduct infractions to reclaim this drive.
Her voice is bitingly cold.
Not only that, but you have been ordered to solitary confinement twice already.
She looks at me like one would look at livestock.
Prisoners who act so egregiously, I’m afraid...
The warden does not consider prisoners human.
No matter how brutal the punishment doled out, she will not wince. She will not hesitate.
That is simply who she is.
...are something I as the warden have full discretion to deal with. I trust you knew that?
The sound of my heart turns unsettling.
I feel it intuitively.
I won’t be able to make my game if this conversation goes on. Not now, not ever.
Failing to talk my way out of this will be a one-way ticket to hell.
Please use me to bring order back to this prison, ma’am.
So I volunteer.
I’m afraid I don’t follow. What, pray tell, would lead you to conclude the prison is out of order?
The overt power struggle between Captain Yugao and Agatsuma, of course.
I remember what Sofurin was talking about earlier.
This squabble has left Tulip Prison in a state of disorder.
Both are my subordinates, and I am always abreast of their work. I find your evaluation baseless and lacking.
That simply isn’t true, ma’am.
I don’t know how much I’m allowed to say.
Both of them are attempting to claim your position—there’s no way you wouldn’t have noticed.
Every day they inch closer to taking the prison’s throne, and many of the guards have begun to take notice.
I don’t know what phrasing will set Warden Mizushiro off.
That you’re letting them run free while they plot in the open can only mean that you lack countermeasures.
......
Should I shut up now?
But I can solve your problem.
No. No, I’ll go all the way.
By doing what, precisely, in practical terms?
Remove Yugao and Agatsuma from power... and return you to it.
I’ll give myself momentum and dive in.
You would have me believe a mere prisoner is capable of such a feat?
I would.
If I can’t make my game, I might as well be dead.
No one’s supposed to be able to escape the cells here, right? Yet, here I am, out and in your office.
With your help, I should be able to take their power from them and restore the prison to its rightful state.
So it makes no difference whether I get through to her or not.
I’m useful.
I’ll ride this train into a wall if I have to.
I beg for... a chance.
Her silence is long.
......
A suffocating aura overtakes the room.
I had no idea silence could be so painful.
Shuichiro Minato, I’m afraid you have not a shred of evidence to your claims.
She shakes her head and lets out a sigh.
I will admit to your talent in rhetoric and ability to hold attention, but you have not convinced me of your capability.
......
Furthermore, you appear to be victim to a grave misunderstanding.
I would not mind losing the prison to another.
Huh?
She speaks unceremoniously, with such an unmoved look.
I have poured everything that I am into Tulip Prison for decades, but age has caught up. This seat will not be mine for much longer.
My sole regret is not raising an heir. This means I have little choice but to choose from the staff I have.
Not simply anyone will do, of course. My heir will need both the power and determination to rule this prison—and if she has the determination to topple her predecessor, all the better.
Most key is integrity. The ability to control one’s self while commanding vast power.
She seems to believe every word she says.
I am currently in the process of evaluating my successors.
Meaning the case you have presented is, I’m afraid, entirely off-base.
The smokescreen of rhetoric I fired meant nothing.
Yet, right when I give up hope...
However, I must say.
She glances at the monitor and narrows her eyes.
You don’t sweat.
You’re in the most dire of straits, yet your breathing is normal. Your heart rate has barely jumped, either.
Yet your reaction when I showed you this was... Hm. No.
Her eyes waver. She seems to reach a conclusion.
Very well. Allow me to make use of that boldness and commitment of yours.
To be evaluated, my possible heirs will need trials. One who cannot pass such a test cannot hope to lead a prison.
If you claim that you can set the prison right...
Clouded with age, her eyes look right through me.
...then I will not only make exceptions for tonight’s infractions...
...but permit you to develop your game on the premises as well.
......
It looks like I’ve survived. Somehow.
I am sent back to my cell afterwards and not punished.
Morning, S-classes! Great day to toil, huh? By the way, if you don’t wash out the soap from your sponge after you do the dishes, it gets full of bacteria! Just like all of you!
The guards don’t even seem aware of what happened.
I committed a major infraction but survived without a scratch.
Yet in return, I’ve been given some homework from the warden.
First, you are to recruit subordinates. People you can trust.
Loyal servants to be your arms and legs. Servants who will keep your secrets.
Do that, and make me feel as though I have come across an unexpected boon.
You want my trust? Earn it, Shuichiro Minato.
There is little harder than building relationships of trust in this prison.
Meaning this is the warden’s first trial for me.
However.
She really sold us short there, Shuichiro.
If I have Warden Mizushiro’s explicit permission to form a team.
You’re right about that.
Sure, why not. You look like you’re up to some fun stuff, so I could help you out. With conditions, of course.
Heh. I like the sound of that gamble. Not bad conditions for me, either. Count me in.
I-I don’t think there’s anything I can do, b-but if you want me here that much...
With that, I’ve gathered a team of the people I trust the most.
Well, here we are.
Yeah. So to start...
W-What do we... do we do...?
Isn’t it obvious?
There is, of course, only one reason I’ve gathered the team in the first place.
Get back to making our game.
(END)
