The story so far.
Mating Press Man taught Protagonist (temp) the ropes, explaining and demonstrating how PESPers, users of perverse superpowers granted to them by the energy of the lustveins, operated.
He taught him the secret of conjuring whirlwinds, and that he could use it as many times as he had spurts in his balls. Protagonist (temp) looked up to him as his teacher.
Unfortunately for him, the man was no true teacher.
//Does! He! Have! A! First! Name?! (IK)
Protagonist (temp) realized this when he saw the man attempt to rape his mother.
Ghh...! You can kill me, kid, but this city’s filled with raging perverts, and one of them’s going to get your mother under him! Hahaha!
While attempting to stop Mating Press Man, he lost control of his powers and killed his former teacher.
I get it now... Those cumdumpsters I see every day, even they have families... people waiting for them...
He felt guilt for the first time in his life.
I can’t let this happen... I can’t let them do as they please. I’m going to protect this city my mother loves...
He felt mercy for the first time. Mercy and...
...and I’m going to use this power to do it!
...love.
Hello, everyone.
Oh. We’re not acquainted, are we?
My name is Ruiko. Ruiko Iemori.
I don’t stand out too much, but I work hard at managing the supplies in the rehabilitation center.
You! Why do you keep trying to steal things from people and hide them in your anus? Have you forgotten what you’re in here for?
You know how there’s a good cop and a bad cop? The comforting one and the threatening one?
And it would be bad enough if you hadn’t pressure-crushed his finger with your asshole when he tried to take it back!
I’m basically the good cop.
I... forgot to be gentle. Slipped my mind.
You should’ve let it slip out your ass instead!
Well, let’s go easy on him. It looks like the other guy was at least partially to blame...
My usual role is to be the quiet admonisher.
I haven’t yelled at people much in my life, and I’m not the type to get very annoyed.
I don’t like tense moods either, and I think the peaceful life is best.
No more pervy stuff, okay? I want you on your best behavior.
My personality is probably now I got my nickname.
Mommy...
The prisoners... all of them, they call me Mommy.
Oh, hey, Mommy. Here you go, extra salad.
Aww! Thanks, I always appreciate it!
Thanks for mending my socks, Officer Iemori. Truth be told, the rear of my uniform pants could use some...
Don’t worry about a thing, just put them in the usual basket.
B-Boss, I finished wiping down the windows! Eheh, heh heh...
Aww, wonderful job! I appreciate it!
...and if you keep yourself in the rat race, you know, you’ll never get anywhere. I’ve got a great book to recommend, it’s called ‘Money Never—
T-That’s quite all right.
Everyone’s so nice to me. Prisoners, guards, everyone.
Whenever I see her, I just... feel my tattered heart get a nice rinsing, you know?
Maybe I should pay my mother a visit sometime...
If only my mom was that nice...
Now, while that does make me quite pleased to see.
......
I’m only twenty-two.
I’m actually two years younger than Officer Yamagishi.
I’ve been here for quite a few years because I didn’t go to college, but I’m actually the youngest guard on staff.
Do I just have an... old-looking face?
I’m about a hundred and fifty centimeters tall, and my face is a little round... I’d say it’s a baby face too.
Just when are you planning on visiting? I haven’t seen you in a good two years!
I mean, I’m pretty young.
I’m in the dorms now, and we’re so low on people, so I’m too busy to catch a break...
Some of my cohort are already married to wonderful men. Some of them have kids already.
Well, when are you going to give me a grandkid or two? I tell you, you raise a daughter...
So even I’m thinking of going back to the mainland someday and getting married.
Good morning, Number 0720. Did you sleep well last night?
I love kids so much, I even find myself doting on some of the younger sickos in here.
I took this job right out of high school, so I don’t have any experience with sex, but I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t interested.
Come to think of it...
Ruiko, dear, I hear you’ve been working so hard lately. My flock simply won’t stop singing your praises.
R-Really...?
But |do| be careful dealing with the prisoners. Some of them are wolves who want nothing more than to have their way with a girl as cute as you, ahaha...
Have their way? With me? I can’t imagine it.
Well, no sense in thinking about it. Let me just do my sewing work for the day and give the person on night watch a nice rice ball and sausage treat... Hm?
It looks like a few prisoners are having a meeting of sorts.
Come to think of it, I heard that Warden Mizushiro had sent out a usage order for this classroom, meaning no one else was allowed to use it. For a while, anyway.
I’ll say it again: You owe me. Do what you promised me first.
Huh? What’s going on?
What’s with this tension?
What are they even talking about?
I told you I had a condition, so shouldn’t I be first? Why push me back so far?
I’m having trouble deciding who’s first.
Basically, the question is which of the guards we’re going to bang up first, right?
Guard...? Bang...?
I quickly take out my Pervert’s Glossary.
It’s a handy compendium about the size of a notebook they gave me when I took the job, detailing the slang used by sicko inmates.
Bang... Have sex with, possibly violently.
Personally, I’d be pretty happy with that wannabe milf.
Milf...
Milf.
Mother. That could only mean...
Me...?
Prisoners their age have called me mother before. I mean, it’s part of my nickname.
Wait, does that mean this pack of youngsters is...
...plotting to rape me?
We’re going to wanna tread lightly, though. Move too fast and someone might snitch.
Snatch...?
I mean, who else is going to want to get drug into this kinda shit, right?
D-Drugs too...?
Ain’t something we can call even by slipping off a pinkie, either.
......
Slinking in... the pink...
T-They’d be that extreme about it...?
* Officer Iemori doesn’t have the best hearing.
Just let me have the first go.
S-She sounds so aggressive.
I just really want to take her out of here.
Oh, at least she’ll give me dinner first.
She can wait. Come on, leave her inside.
But she really wants to come inside...!
They’re... going to have their way with me...?
Hey, Miss Gloomy! What do you think?
Ah! Snff, snff!
T-They’re going to have their way with me... They’re going to treat me to a nice meal, then cum inside...
Uh-oh. You scared Chisato so much she can’t stop sobbing.
What’s her deal, anyway? Like, just looking at her pisses me off.
I put my hand over my mouth, holding back my labored breathing.
Haah... Ahhh...
I’ve never had my heart race this fast on the job before.
I have to report this to a captain, quickly. I have to find out what’s going on.
B-But...
Maybe I’m just misunderstanding things. It’s not like anything’s happened yet.
Besides, they are there with Warden Mizushiro’s permission.
I’ll just... keep this to myself.
Right. Because keeping this quiet will smooth their rehabilitation.
And certainly |not| because I’m hoping they’ll do it. I’m definitely not hoping for that at all.
The mood in the team is strangely thorny.
Strange. We worked so well together back when we made the game’s prologue.
Each member probably has their own angle they want to pursue this time around.
If I don’t do anything, I won’t even have a team, much less a band ready to challenge the captains.
So I decide to look for a way to have us all get along.
Captain Yugao isn’t in the library today.
Hello, Chisato.
Eep!
Chisato is, however, so I call out to her.
Oh, s... ah...
She seems to be as scared of me as ever.
It’s okay, it’s okay... I’m not gonna hurt you...
Hssss!
It’s like coming home to a pet after a long absence only to find that you’ve been forgotten, I think to myself.
Say, Chisato, would you happen to know of any ways to improve our teamwork? To unify our will?
U-Unify?
I’m looking for books to help with that.
W-Why?
She shrinks back in a fix of fear and confusion.
I-It’s normal for lots of people to t-think in lots of different ways.
That’s true.
D-Do we need to think the same way?
Chisato tilts her head, remaining confused.
How do I explain that’s not what I’m trying to say?
Basically, I want us to get along better.
Get a-along better, huh?
I think that would be better for everyone. How about you?
She nods with a touch of enthusiasm.
I-It is good to get along, r-right?
Sure is.
T-Then, I... I’ve got a good book. F-For you.
She takes me to a nearby bookshelf.
I-I went through a lot before coming to prison, s-so... when I got here, I-I read this a lot.
She hands me a book.
The title reads, “Friend-Making Even A Pedo Can Understand.”
A little different from what I had in mind, but it looks worth a read.
Did you use what you learned from this a lot?
Yeah.
Any effect?
Zero to nil.
I decide to read it anyway.
I see... ‘smiles are known to lower your listener’s stress levels,’ huh...?
Y-Yeah, apparently.
Can you give it a try?
Heh, eheh...
I see.
......
Makes sense, I think to myself.
S-See what...?
I look through the contents, flipping to pages of interest.
When people are angry, praise them thrice as much for great effect... Hmm.
Is that how that works?
Let me give it a try.
Crappymori happens to be nearby.
Crappymori.
Huh? Need something, Exhibitima—
......
......
Did you... freeze...?
You’re working really hard today.
Huh...?
I think that’s really admirable.
Ghhn... Huh...?
She tears up with joy.
W-Why did he just slap me? W-What? What...?
We got closer.
P-Psycho.
The book is very trustworthy.
Going through the rest of the pages...
How about we all call each other by first name?
Their eyes widen at my opener.
I had forgotten to smile.
Hah.
What’s with that look?
You fucking with us or...?
They’re just as prickly as they were the other day.
I-It’s a pretty ugly smile.
......
Well, if you want to call me by first name, go right ahead.
Got it. Noah.
Sorry, but that’s a pass from me. Just keep calling me Chief.
You can lead a crime family, but can’t cooperate a little? Come on, who cares? It’s just a name.
No, that’s the whole reason. I’ve got a reputation to uphold. I compromise on this, and you’re gonna hear from my people.
Yakuza have it pretty tough.
How about you, Miss Gloomy?
Huh? Uh...
Come to think of it, isn’t Chisato just something the kid started calling you one day?
Uh... Ah...
How much of that is your first name, anyway? Let’s break down the kanji...
W-Well...
Miyako Chisaki? Could also go with Sato Sen.
Er...
Oh, but sometimes people are just straight-up named Chisato too.
Nn, nnn...
Can you not just speak CLEARLY, you punk?!|Guh...!
It looks like the book’s advice isn’t actually working.
Being yelled at with a smile is surprisingly scary.
Ah, sorry, sorry. Talking to Darlin’ Darkness here kind of always gets under my skin.
You know, Kurebayashi was saying the same thing.
What happened to ‘Noah’?
Huh?
You know what, whatever.
......
Chisato is making herself small in the corner.
She looks lost without a place to belong. Like she’s averting her eyes from what scares her.
Her looking away lets me notice that her cheek is very swollen.
Hey, what happened to your face?
Er... nn...
You should get it taken out sooner or later if it’s a cavity.
I-It’s... n...
It’s nothing, she says.
Ju... f...
She says she just fell.
You a mind reader or something?
Kurebayashi and the Chief let out big, baffled sighs.
I tilt my head, confused. Things in the group used to be so peaceful just a little while back. What happened?
Anyway, what we’ve gotta do, basically, is harass the captains big-time, right?
It’s less harassment and more of a ‘trial.’
What I would like you to do is give each of the three deputy wardens a trial.
What exactly do you mean by trial?
It can be anything. Use any means you’d like as long as it tests their mettle. Drive them to the brink of death if you need to.
A person’s value is only known when they are truly cornered.
‘If you say you will restore order to the prison, I’m sure you must have a plan up your sleeve... don’t you, Shuichiro Minato?’
...is what she said.
Ahh, so you went and got permission to go hog wild from the warden herself, huh?
We’re clear to do anything to test the captains’ abilities.
The only problem is, we haven’t come up with a test or target yet.
The first target... is the hardest to choose.
B-Because the others will g-go on guard?
Yeah.
Making big, dramatic moves is going to draw eyes on us.
It’s more than possible that it will hinder us when taking on our next target.
That means we need to choose our first one carefully.
You’re the leader, right? So hurry up and pick someone. I can’t help if we don’t know where we’re going.
Sorry, but I want you to wait just a little longer.
We’re still at the stage where we need to improve our teamwork too.
Remember, this is all to develop our game.
I don’t care about that.
I want to get Sofiya Shikolenko to step down as soon as possible, and I don’t give a damn about anything else.
Tch... Little missies, I tell you. Real stubborn.
Ah... nn...
The mood is dour.
This doesn’t look like a close-knit team in any way, shape, or form.
The warden ordered me to find talented subordinates. People I could trust to work as my arms and legs.
I can’t say that I’m in control of those three to any satisfactory degree.
This is really hard.
Looks like it.
Sitting next to me, Mr. Kugitani lets the smoke roll off his cigarette.
It’s like there’s big differences in our direction and enthusiasm.
I’ll do anything if it means I can keep making my game. I don’t care what it is.
It looks like the other three have things they want to do more, though.
I wish there were something that could get us all on the same page.
That’s pretty simple—find a common enemy and attack them. That’s how prisoners always work together.
He has a point. I first teamed up with Kurebayashi to fight Hanamaru.
That sort of shared interest strengthened our ability to work together.
A common... enemy.
Mr. Kugitani always knows the answer. Fast, too.
Still, making us a shared enemy won’t be easy.
Come to think of it, since when do you get to hit the yard during afternoon break? What happened to the coal mine?
They changed my workplace.
Wow, again, huh? Sounds like a promotion to me. Where’d you end up?
I’d say. They have me in...
The Damned Ward?
Yes. That is to be your workplace moving forward. I will inform the coal mine of the change myself.
With a few flicks and taps on her tablet, I have a new job.
Do you know of it?
I’ve heard rumors that... there’s a worse place than solitary.
I’ll leave that judgment to you, but let me take this time to get you acquainted with it.
Her tone is oddly flippant.
There is value in seeing that such a horrific place exists in this world, after all.
The Damned Ward is a place that reeks of rot.
I have a work partner: a female prisoner, clad in an iron mask. I don’t know her very well.
The job is simple. We give simple meals to the prisoners in the cells and put hot water into buckets, which we distribute a few times a week.
Otherwise, we simply observe them from afar.
We fill out detailed sheets observing their health, attitude, and other details to be submitted to Warden Mizushiro later.
......
The warden warned me beforehand.
But do be careful, Shuichiro Minato.
The Damned Ward has many dangerous prisoners. Some, like the Bomber, are in for murder.
I didn’t need to worry about that, though.
Most of the prisoners here have lost their minds.
I don’t know if it’s because there’s no sunlight here, because they’ve been locked in here for years, or if it’s the fault of the ward’s air.
But the only people in these cells are those who have lost themselves.
All I hear is a constant chorus of pained groans.
......
This is indeed different from solitary.
Solitary is a miserable place, but it’s still a place people can exist in.
Ghh... Hss... Ggnnn...
This is not a place for humans.
If solitary is hell, then this is its lowest level.
The very bowels of the abyss.
......
It doesn’t take me long to reach a realization.
I never, ever want to end up down here.
(END)
The next day, I’m scurrying through the prison.
Prisoners are generally only allowed to walk in transit, but a brisk almost-run is allowed if you’re running low on time.
Why am I running? Because she wasn’t in the room.
Can Little Miss Gloomy not even be on time?
Go find her. You want to put these long-as-hell arguments to rest today, don’t you?
I’m looking for Chisato.
I figure she’ll be in the library if she’s anywhere.
She loves books.
......?
But for some reason, the lights are off in the library.
I try to open the door, but it’s locked.
Library’s closed today. No entry.
The tall SST officer stands in my way.
Closed?
Yes.
I’m looking for someone.
No entry.
Have you seen Chisato?
The library’s closed.
......
......
Our conversation goes nowhere.
If you don’t want to listen... I’ll have to take appropriate action.
She makes a fist so I can see it.
I’ll be going, then.
Good. You do that.
If the library is closed, Chisato probably isn’t inside.
I decide to look elsewhere.
......
Still, though, the library stands out to me.
I wouldn’t call it a sixth sense thing.
I just can’t really imagine Chisato being anywhere else.
So I decide to go around the back of the building.
I go to the spot near her regular place on the second floor.
Chisato.
I call out with the quietest voice I can.
Are you there?
A face pops out from a place that should be empty.
Chisato is there.
Her mouth is moving, saying something in silence under her gravely worried face.
Jump down.
That’s the most efficient way out.
She’s saying something, but she’s too quiet for me to hear.
Don’t worry, I’ll catch you. Just jump down.
Her eyes waver with slight hesitation.
Then, resolute, she jumps from the window.
Urgh.
Eep!
I catch her. She is comically light.
The library’s closed. What were you doing there?
Ah... Gh...
She’s having trouble speaking.
It isn’t her usual stuttering, either—she is trembling.
I-It was... e-empty. I-I was r-reading, t-then it just... g-got so cold. T-The heating, it... s-stopped...
Her lips are pale as can be.
A-And the door, it was... l-locked and wouldn’t open.
Trembling, she desperately tries to get the words out.
Her hands are particularly frigid.
They’re so cold I worry they’ll be frostbitten.
I have to warm her up as quickly as I can.
Hold out your hand.
I take her hand.
Then, I bring it to my crotch.
Most people with balls do this to warm up when they’re cold.
The heat of my scrotum slowly pours into her freezing hands.
This should lower the damage to her fingers a little.
B-But won’t that... m-make you cold, Exhibitiman?
Your fingers are a treasure, Chisato.
I’d stand naked in the Arctic if it helped you write the story.
......
She makes a surprised, complex face.
How do you feel, Chisato?
A-A bit... mm, warm...
She’s stopped shaking a little bit.
She’s still as cold as ever, though.
Wait, she was locked in the library?
I explain what happened with Chisato to them the next day.
Trapped without heating at this time of year? She could have frozen to death before midnight if she was unlucky.
For your average guard harassment stunt, it’s a bit... much.
I think so too.
I don’t think this was a coincidence.
No one would assign limited SST personnel to the library just to close it for the day.
Think that’s the reason her cheek was all swollen too?
Yeah, I think it’s possible.
All she had to do was tell us... but I guess that’s just how the little miss is built.
Chisato won’t tell me who the culprit is.
I can’t imagine she would even if I asked.
The distance between us is simply that great.
Who in the world would pull this nonsense, though?
I have an idea.
I turn my eyes to Kurebayashi.
If I had to think who would go this far...
It was you, wasn’t it?
EXCUSE me? You drag me out to the laundry room, then slander me out of nowhere?!
The Chief’s people and Kurebayashi’s connections come in very handy.
They help clear out the laundry room and call Hanamaru to it.
You’re the only person who would do such a thing.
Can you quit making claims on baseless speculation? I get enough of that from the feminists on social media handwringing about the sky falling as is!
I know that you’re really a good person deep down?
Oh? Well, then—
Unf! Unf! Unf!|Ow! Ouch! Yeow!
You fucking did it.
What the hell was that compliment for?!
Figured if I hurt you three times as much as I praised you it’d really sting.
You’re slapping me across the face, so of course it’s going to sting!
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!|And can you quit grunting like a porn actor who REALLY wants to stand out?!
Pfff.
She does not talk.
She’s pretty stubborn. How ’bout it, kid? I know a pretty nice yakuza water trick to get ’em singing like canaries.
Eeps! Wait, wait, you got it all wrong! I have no idea what’s going on, but I’ve got nothing to do with it!
Really?
Sure, yeah, nothing makes me happier than harassing and messing with people, sure!
Maybe we should hit her a few more times.
But I’ve been really busy with work lately and don’t have that kind of time!
Work? Do tell.
Well, that I can’t really say...
Like, think about it, how could I order the SST around? I’m a goddamn prisoner! The dumbass guards are one thing, but the whole point of the SST is that I can’t manipulate them!
True.
She does have a point.
The SST is an element in the prison the inmates cannot hope to control no matter what they do.
Meaning it would be natural to think a prisoner wasn’t behind this.
Looks like you’ve figured out just how wrong you are, so I’m going to b—
Hold it.|Gkk!
You know, I forgot. We still owed you some payback, didn’t we?
Huh? Did you? You sure you’re not remembering wrong?
Since we’re all here, how about we settle our accounts?
Huh?! Hey, w—
One, two!
So, yeah, I’ve gathered up teammates I can trust.
That night, I report to Warden Mizushiro on the situation.
It’s one of the promises I made with her.
Very well, I understand the situation. It seems, however, that they are not quite your arms and legs yet.
She quietly points out what I left out.
I have a web of eyes and ears myself, and the grapevine tells me you are less than in control.
Her eyes are piercingly sharp.
I cut to the chase and ask her my question.
I have a question. Who has authority over the SST?
While any correctional officer may order them to detain an inmate or dole out punishment...
...they have no direct authority to assign them to guard specific locations. Neither do I as warden.
Is that to prevent confusion in the chain of command during the thick of it?
She affirms.
There is only one person in this prison who has direct authority over the SST: Captain Yugao.
Captain Yugao.
That means she’s the one who assigned the SST to guard the library.
As an aside, Shuichiro Minato. I believe you saw the Damned Ward? Do tell me—what did you think?
I thought it was a very, very scary place.
Did you, now? I’m glad to hear it.
She doesn’t say any more. She doesn’t have to.
I decide to call the path through the pipes the duct route.
I have... completely mastered the duct route.
The confidence of youth!
I’m not... going to get lost anymore.
Well, that’s good news, since you’d starve to death otherwise. Be careful in there either way, okay?
She makes some warm tea and welcomes me in. It’s been a while.
I’ve been thinking that I don’t have the ability to control people.
Wow, where’d that come from? What’s on your mind?
She cracks an energy drink can, forgoing tea.
Controlling people, huh...? Not as easy as you’d think, really.
I think so too.
But controlling them isn’t what you actually want to do, is it?
I tilt my head.
What does she mean?
Do you want to make those girls do exactly what you want? Manipulate them as you will?
That’s what I was told to do.
Let’s put it this way, then. Compare that to having everyone think for themselves and do what they believe best—which would be better?
I want to make the game with the three of them, specifically.
Because I think what they make is fantastic.
So if they each make what they think is good... that would be best.
It sounds like you don’t want to control them, Shuichiro, but become good friends with them, right?
Friends.
A horizontal relationship with no superior or inferior.
That... would be better.
Gosh, wouldn’t it!
So that’s what I wanted. To be friends with them.
When I told Chisato I wanted us all to get along better, this is what hid under those words.
You always know just what to say, doctor.
Really? Well, I guess that comes with age... Ahaha!
Dr. Higuchi always has the right answer for me.
That said, how do I get along better with them? How do we become actual friends?
I think you’re in a tough spot with a rough task on your plate, but...
...personally, I think it’ll be pretty good for you.
What do you mean?
Hmm... Weeeeell, if I said to say...
She taps her fingers at the edge of the can as she turns to her desk.
What do you think of the charge that brought you here?
I was arrested for indecent exposure and assault.
I don’t think I did anything wrong.
And why is that?
......
I’ll change the question. You represented yourself in court, right? Sending your lawyer away? Why did you do that?
Because I didn’t think he’d understand me, no matter what I said.
How could my lawyer understand my way of thinking? Understand me?
It wasn’t just him, either. I didn’t think anyone could understand what I had to say.
It has always been like that.
There’s definitely someone out there who’ll understand you, though. I’m serious.
Really?
Though, I guess that’s easy to |say|. You’re not really going to feel it unless you meet that understanding person, yeah?
Yeah.
I can’t imagine anyone in the world can understand me.
I feel this on an intuitive level.
Another thing. You really aren’t the type to expect anything from others at all, are you?
That’s why you’re always taking the initiative and taking action. That’s wonderful in itself. Yeah, really cool, really admirable stuff.
She swishes her pencil from left to right to accent her speech.
On the other hand, expecting absolutely nothing from others is a bit, well...
Hm... I get the impression there’s some family reasons for that.
She’s probably right about that.
My parents mainly focused on my sister and hardly paid me any mind.
Eventually, I stopped expecting them to do anything for me.
Which is why doing everything for myself was very efficient.
Let’s go back to the top. Becoming friends with someone is opening your heart to them. Knowing that they’ll understand you.
What I’m trying to say is that the problem is you’re lacking something in common. A connection.
What would that be?
Physical contact, of course! C’mere, you!
I put on my clothes and approach her.
She then suddenly embraces me.
Goodness me, Shuichiro. You’ve gotten pretty buff. Guess that’s what the coal mine’s done for you!
......
It’s a very calming sensation.
It’s been... so long since someone last embraced me.
Since my sister hugged me goodbye.
See, don’t you feel we’re a little closer now?
I do.
Dr. Higuchi is really soft.
I smell fabric softener and whatever nice shampoo she’s using.
Her soft chest brushes against mine as well.
It’s important to treat others with love.
It feels great.
Love.
It’s all about love, Shuichiro. Love.
This love stuff is great, I think to myself.
See? Isn’t this better than controlling someone?
It is.
I decide to treat them with love from now on.
We head back for our cell after that.
I still feel Dr. Higuchi on me.
Love really is a beautiful thing, isn’t it?
Amatsu finds himself reacting too.
Yeah. Love is the best.
This love stuff is shocking in a good way.
Anyway. Where are we?
Love aside, I’m lost.
Honestly, I realized I was lost fairly early.
But since I went and said I wouldn’t get lost anymore, I can’t just go back to the medical ward.
......
I fundamentally have to go down to get back.
So I figured that as long as I slid down the diagonal slopes, I’d eventually get home.
Be careful, Shuichiro. We don’t want the bottom falling out from under us again.
Oh—
We fall into the depths.
Underground.
A pure darkness, bereft of light.
What lies beneath the bowels of hell—in the deepest circles of the prison?
Good evening, rat. I trust you’ve been well?
She’s here at the same time she always is.
The grating of the metal always tells me when she arrives.
It is the staccato of her cane against the ground, the sounds of its intrusion.
A correctional officer is in front of you. Where is my greeting?
......
I shut my mind off at times like these.
How many times must I tell you to answer me?
I am nothing but a doll.
Gh... nn...
A doll feels nothing, least of all pain.
If I am not suffering, I can keep on living.
Burn this pain into your mind.
Even if I am in a prison kilometers underground.
A little bird has told me you’ve come across some friends.
Now, however, my heart starts to race.
I can’t believe this prison would be playing host to the kind of saints who’d tolerate a rat like you.
She knows.
Or perhaps they’re just terminally stupid?
She knows about them.
After all, you bring nothing but misery to everyone foolish enough to get involved with you.
Ah...!
Which means she’ll snap into action.
You need isolation. You need to be alone. Understood?
Which means everyone will be in danger.
Otherwise, you’ll drag everyone down into being as miserable as you are. That’s your fate.
Which means I have to keep my distance.
If you care even a shred for that boy’s life...
I have to keep my distance from him and his strange kindness. That kindness that led him to approach me.
...you won’t speak another word to him, rat.
I have to. I don’t want to see anyone hurt because of me.
I hear her footsteps fade into the distance.
Irregular. Slow. Mixed in with the inorganic staccato of her cane.
......
Once they’re gone, I begin moving slowly forward.
I have slipped down a good few hundred meters into the cell ward deep underground.
The depths of hell’s deepest circle.
In a cell normally tended to by the woman in the iron mask, I find her.
Huh... Nnn?
Chisato is slumped flat on the ground, powerless.
The electric shock left her without enough energy to nurse her swollen cheek.
Exhibiti...man...? W-What are... you doing here...?
She looks like a doll.
Y-You can’t... can’t be here. I-If you’re around me, bad... bad things will...
So just... f-forget about...
With her empty eyes barely looking at me, she’s painful to look at.
M-Me...
I don’t know what to say.
Nnn?!
So I just hug her instead.
Huh... But... W-Why...?
I just hold her tight.
W-Why would... you...?
It’s going to be all right.
Wh...y...?
Don’t worry about a thing.
......
I... am here.
Chisato is tense in complete bafflement.
I... I-I don’t get it, b-but...
Her voice starts to tremble more and more.
I-I don’t get it, but... snff... wahhh!
With time, she bawls.
Snff, nn, snff... wahhh!
She cries and cries with energy I didn’t know she had.
So, Captain Yugao was our culprit.
I announce this to Kurebayashi and the Chief the next day.
Thinking about how she’s been harassed like that... well, it pisses me off too.
I’m the type to get angry when I see authority abused like that, myself.
Mizushiro told you to give her a trial, right? And that she wouldn’t be fussy about your methods?
Heh. Sounds like she won’t mind if we force the good captain to turn in her two weeks’ notice.
Kurebayashi wears a cold expression, and the Chief punches her fist into her palm.
We’re all in agreement, then.
......
The first to go down... will be Captain Yugao.
(END)
I keep falling through pipe bottoms when going through the duct route.
I can’t keep on like this, so I figure I have to come up with a way of recovering after a fall.
My solution: rope.
Rope is just a trip to the hardware store away on the outside, but this is Tulip Prison.
I’m going to have to use my head a little.
There’s a haircutting space in the rehabilitation center, and we’re able to get a cut on days off from an incarcerated former barber. Free too.
The guards generally get their hair cut here too.
It sure has gotten long recently... Chop off a good five, six centimeters for me.
......
Welcome to my humble establishment! You’re looking wonderful as usual today, Exhibitiman!
I’m a bit of a fashionista, you see.
......
As an... exhibitionist?
They called me the Fashion Beast back where I’m from.
But you weren’t wearing anything.
Fashion really does start from the feet up.
Naked with... shoes?
I’d like to ask for a wax too.
Aren’t you... bald...?
And that’s how I got her hair.
I’m in very high spirits, having obtained what I was after.
I leave the barber’s room with a spring in my step.
So there was this angel on the outside who donated a duvet, and me and the inmates started calling him Daddy Longlegs, see.
......
Then Slipper Fairy comes in and says, ‘if his legs are that long, I wonder what kind of slippers he wears?’
......
An absolute classic of a joke.
......
Ahaha!
......
You’re not going to believe what happened next.
What am I, your friend...?
She gives me a “who does this prisoner think he is?” face.
Who does this prisoner think he is?
She says it aloud too.
Stop talking to me like I’m someone you know. I’m deathly tired without having to listen to your crappy jokes.
......
......
Oh, speaking of which, there’s this enka singer I’ve never heard of coming to the prison for the next conciliatory visit.
Did you not listen to what I just said?
Sofurin’s also a captain and someone Mizushiro wants me to defeat.
I want to get as much information from her as I can.
I was hoping to refresh myself with a haircut on one of my rare days off, but that’s all down the drain thanks to this streaker pervert.
My period’s already got me pissy... Ugh, I should’ve hopped on the ferry to the mainland and gotten a treatment with all the bells and whistles... My hair’s been all split ends lately... I get so depressed just looking in the mirror...
She complains like an average office lady you might find anywhere.
......!
Why the bug eyes? Something on my face?
Come to think of it, Sofurin basically |is| an average office lady you might find anywhere.
Women form cliques and jump to designating villains, so I’m having a really tough time around now!
I remember how my sister told me long ago that I should empathize with the tired.
Bullying prisoners is very demanding labor, so I decide to empathize a little.
Hey, Crappymori!|Eeeep?!
Ahh, agh! A younger boy took his stress out on me for no reason at all! I-I’ve gotta add him to my unforgivables list for later!
......
......
Aha!
You fucking psycho.
No pointless threatening of prisoners! Drop and give me fifty!
She looks completely baffled at my actions.
I also feel like her eyes look far more dead than normal today.
Been having trouble sleeping lately?
Who asked you? Finish your pushups and get out of here.
Is it because of the Serious Offenses Ward prisoner who died?
Yeah. The one from the Pervengers.
The Dark Pervengers is a band of thieves infamous for stealing over a thousand toilets from women’s public bathrooms.
He was their leader.
Captain Americunt had been getting on in years and had been on death’s door for some time... and a few days ago, his age finally caught up to him.
They say the man was a master of toilet seat throwing.
He would talk off anyone’s ear about how he knocked over dozens of cops with the toilet seat equipped to his left arm. No one asked. No one liked him.
The man was an archetypical prisoner who loved boasting of his degeneracy, and he claimed his continued toilet theft had earned him a life sentence.
Ozawa hated him and thought the guy was exaggerating nonsense.
It sounds hard to get a life sentence on toilet theft alone, since that takes a score of 0.99.
Still, since he figured he was too old to make it on the outside anyway, he acted out badly enough to keep his score over 0.5.
Since Slipper Fairy’s nickname gets abbreviated to Slippy, he used to approach her often to ask her to be his sidekick.
He left me a pile of reports and paperwork to do. We have to make explicitly clear in fine detail to the government that the prison is not at fault.
Normally, the work would be divided among all of the captains, but... I decided to take it all on.
The others pushed it onto her, I think to myself.
If it’s that tough, why not phone it in?
Don’t be ridiculous. Tulip Prison may get away with a lot, but we can’t paper over someone’s death.
But didn’t you say on our first day that no one would know if we died here?
She tells me that was just a threat.
He wasn’t on death row, so we can’t just go ahead and execute him here. There’s mountains of official forms and paperwork you have to go through for that.
Checking of family registry, announcements to any family members, then the burial...
That’s how serious a death is.
Here I thought Tulip Prison could fake the paperwork on that with ease.
I guess that’s why the guards here are so sensitive to prisoner death.
Now that you know, can you stop holding me up? I’m almost ready to pass out...
In the violence-ruled world of the prison, death may be the only deterrence we have against them.
And speaking of violence.
Yugao.
......!
Sofurin scrambles to shut my mouth.
Her panic speaks volumes.
W-Where did that come from?! Would it kill you to think before you speak?!
What kind of person is she?
Why are you asking me that? What does that have to do with anything?!
I figure Yugao is the one who pushed this job onto her too.
Please tell me what she’s like.
I couldn’t tell a convict even if I |did| know!
Then tell me something inoffensive about her.
Excuse me? All right, fine. Just one thing, then you’re going back to your cell.
She pushes me away and clears her throat.
Listen. Captain Yugao’s personal clothes? Wild.
......
......
Wild.
All right, that’s not too exact. To narrow it down...
She’s like a worn-out wife on the weekend?
Like a worn-out wife on the weekend.
She’s always wearing the same sweater, and it’s always covered in lint. Lady looks like a mother with her hands full raising her kids.
But her uniform is so... stylish.
She’s known to be really stingy with her money, and all the guards whisper that she only buys her clothes secondhand.
Now this is some surprising information.
But... it doesn’t seem too useful.
Well... who cares about clothes, right?
You’re the one who asked for something inoffensive!
I mean... no one needs to wear them, right?
That’s what you meant?
Sounds like you’re pretty observant around her.
Listen, she’s what? In her mid-thirties? She’s got good proportions, so she could at least buy a decent outfit or two!
Captain...
...You really do say the most normal things.
......
Sofiya’s really beautiful, but... kind of normal, huh?
She’s half white, but she just thinks like a normal Japanese too.
But it’s good to be normal.
Yeah.
It’s good to be normal!
Yeah!
You freaks got thrown in here because you aren’t normal! Because you’re weird sickos!
For some reason, Sofurin gets really angry.
I can’t call the information gleaned here satisfactory, so I want her to tell me a bit more.
I go out of my way to tell you about her, and you ruin my mood in return! Well, goodbye! I have paperwork to do!
I’d love to help you out with it.
I don’t need your help! Why are you bothering me so much today? Have you forgotten I’m an officer?!
Can you make an exception?
Stop following me! Get lost, unless you want me to bump up your score!
I’ll even let you bully me to get that stress out.
Listen, I’m really tired today, all right? I’m begging you, don’t make me yell... at...
Sofurin?
She doesn’t answer.
She just twitches a little on the floor.
Hey, Shuichiro, what’s going on? I heard a loud-ass thud over here.
Ozawa, Sofurin’s collapsed.
Ozawa crouches down and looks her over.
She anemic or something? Maybe a fever...? Nah, she’s good there. All right, bring up her legs and let her bite down on somethin’!
Would my suit do?
At this point, anything would! Damn, she’s lookin’ real pale—take off her bra to help her breathe easier!
All right, it’s probably not epilepsy, but we want somethin’ stiff so she doesn’t bite her tongue... Damn, man, shoulda studied harder when I was fronting as a lifeguard!
Got it.
Wait! Ozawa!
What?!
I don’t... know how to remove a bra.
You don’t even know that?! What are you? A baby?!
I am ashamed.
There’s hooks on the back, so just slip those off with your fingers!
There’s no bits to slip off on her back.
Ozawa!
If they ain’t on the back, check the front! Over her chest!
There are bits to slip off over her chest.
Her large breasts slide out on both sides like a liquid.
......! Ozawa!
What |is| it, man?!
Her nipples are erect!
Her tits are swollen on her period or something! That’s how they work!
I had no idea. Wow.
The wind’s real strong over here and she doesn’t need to catch a cold, so let’s carry her over there!
All right, one, two—
Don’t move!
(END)
......?!|Guoh?!
We’re slammed to the ground at the same time.
My hands are bound behind my back, and it feels like my lungs are being crushed down.
......
......
I can see SST uniforms behind me.
Then, walking slowly from behind them with a cane comes Yugao.
You’ve got us wrong! She’s naked, yeah, but it’s to save Captain Shikolenko!
Oh, I’m very aware.
I’d seen the whole thing. That was good first aid you administered—I’d like my unit to take a page from your book, in fact.
T-Then!
And I’m still telling you to freeze.
Nn?!
Move and you’ll dislocate a joint. This is the second time I’ve warned you.
I don’t understand the meaning of this.
A crowd starts to gather around us.
Why’s there a naked person here? Are you in... Wait, Captain Shikolenko?!
What are you doing, SST?! Hurry up and help Captain Shikolenko! What’s all that emergency training f—
I cannot follow that order.
Why not?! You can’t just leave her like this!
In any and all situations, the SST must prioritize the orders of its direct leader, Captain Yugao, over any others.
Gh!
Officer Yamagishi clams up.
It looks like she can’t say anything back.
Ah... nnn... urgh...
Seeing Sofurin defenseless and unable to resist, I feel a worry bubbling up in me.
I don’t know what to do.
There’s no need to panic, Himeru. It’s just a spot of anemia.
B-But, ma’am, don’t you feel bad for her? Looking like this in front of such a crowd...?
It’s not as though she’ll die if we leave her here.
......
Yugao is looking at me.
Not being able to read her intent deeply unsettles me.
Heheh.
In her state of absolute vulnerability, Sofurin continues to be exposed to the public.
And, well, that’s what happened.
We’re in the rehabilitation center classroom the warden gave us again.
Since then, I’ve, er, been in the Damned Ward underground for years. Y-Yeah.
Chisato tells us her backstory herself.
Wow. Sounds like you’ve had a pretty bad time.
There are some real monsters out there, huh?
Sounds terrible.
......
Pretty bland reactions, for better or worse.
None of us is really the type to think much of other people’s situations, I think to myself.
So those black rags you wear are the uniform of that underground place? That Damned Ward of yours?
I had no idea it actually existed, but... I notice you’ve got no prisoner number. How do they keep track of you down there?
The two are looking over Chisato hard.
Then, she quickly hides the bar code peeking out over her left breast.
I-I don’t really want people seeing this.
I knew that they kept track of prisoners in the Damned Ward with barcodes.
I didn’t know that those codes were burned into their bodies like brands.
I-It’s weird, a-and people always get curious a-about it...
You a comedian, little miss?
I’m a goddamn yakuza. You think a little tattoo is going to give me pause?
My dad’s a white foreigner, and he had a bunch of tattoos on his arm.
Still, Taeka and Noah aren’t the type to be turned off or too curious about the brand.
Y-You too, Exhibitiman?
I don’t mind it either.
Oh... R-Really...?
I’ve always figured something like that could be a nice accent when I’m streaking.
......
It’s fashionable, you see.
Chisato looks down a bit as if she’s at a loss for what to say.
Anyway. They had you foaming at the mouth by taser underground, and the SST punched you down, right?
Do they only come at you with physical attacks?
This happened too.
The hell’s this?
The prison newspaper.
‘Boring ideas with the gloominess of the poetry bringing it down into the depths of mediocrity. The poet makes an embarrassing display of a lack of education...’
It’s a hit piece. A passionate bashing of Chisato’s work in the guise of a brief review.
Sounds like she’s taking full advantage of her authority to make her miserable, then.
W-Well, I’ve only done... kindergarten. N-No education.
Sounds like it worked a bit too well.
Absolutely underhanded methods.
Yeah, that’s why... we’re taking Yugao down first.
I nod.
Rumor has it that she did the one thing I find most unforgivable in the world, so count me in. I’ll make her wish she never did that.
I have no idea why, but Kurebayashi seems eager.
However, this isn’t going to be solved by physically defeating her.
So, what do we do? The easiest thing would be to make her quit, but the problem is how.
She’s got the SST at her beck and call and a lot of caution to boot. Catching her is going to be tough.
This isn’t the sort of problem we can solve with easy violence.
A damn shame, really. I’m pretty well-versed when it comes to torture.
What do you have up your sleeve?
The classics. Your string-ups, your nail-peeling... Me, though, I put my chips on water. See, you put a blade to their wrist like this...
What do you think, Miss Gloomy? This is basically your revenge story.
Oh. Er. Um.
E-Explosions?
We’re fighting the guards, and Yugao stands at their top.
We won’t get anywhere by half-assing it.
W-Well, s-see?
Like I was saying a while ago, when... when you’re with me, t-this happens.
So you should just... s-stay away.
Chisato.
Ghh.
It’s going to be okay.
W-Why are...?
There’s nothing to worry about.
T-This feels kinda... n...
You’re safe.
I... I can’t complain any...
Chisato grows soft as a noodle in my arms.
When I shake her, she jiggles like putty.
Love, huh? Didn’t expect you to pick that up all of a sudden, kid.
Never know what’ll happen in an exhibitionist’s life.
Love is pretty good. I recommend it.
Heheh. Unfortunately, yakuza and love don’t mix too well. Something I gave up on long, long ago.
She leans her cheek on her hand in a self-deprecating way.
Calculations, deceit, simmering rage, and patricide... In this line of work, you exploit the weak to get easy money, but you don’t get to walk out in the light much.
You walk this path, you can’t avoid sullying both hands.
She’s ridden the rough waves of the world. Her words have weight.
Chief...
That’s why I know I’m not bound to anyone by somethin’ as pretty ’n precious as the red string of fate on my pinky.
Ohh! Because you guys cut off your little fingers!
......
Right?!
......
For the first time in my life, I know someone even worse at reading a room than I am.
My classmates must have felt this way about me, I think to myself.
Hm...?
Kurebayashi furrows her brow.
Is it just me or do you stink?
Let me see... Oh, yeesh, yeah. You smell like a puppy that hasn’t been bathed in weeks.
Chisato shrinks back as they sniff her.
Underground you get, hot w-water... No, baths...
Sounds like they don’t let prisoners in the Damned Ward take baths.
Makes sense. I mean, they let the coal miners bathe every day, but they’ve got that baffling stench.
When you’re washing in all kinds of mixed sweat, you start to smell of piss.
Instead of baths, they get a bucket of hot water every few days, but it doesn’t look like that does the job too well.
T-That’s why I’m a-always... always dirty. P-People stay away.
So that’s the reason she always keeps a strange distance from us.
She’s worried about how she smells.
Sorry... I stink, don’t I?
I try to cheer her up.
You know, Chisato... you do smell like vomit.
......
But it’s not like how you smell has anything to do with who you are.
I-I don’t smell... that bad...
You may stink, but what you write is phenomenal.
L-Like not vomit-levels...
If you clean up, you’ll smell right as rain right away.
If all she needs is a bath, what’s the problem?
She looks like she’ll get sick if we don’t get her in a bath soon. What’ll we do?
A good idea, but getting her into a bath without the guards noticing will be... difficult.
Oh, I wouldn’t be so sure about that.
The Chief wears a grin on her face.
How about you let me handle this one, kid?
(END)
First, the Chief makes me a wig.
You’re really skilled.
It’s like flower arranging. They had me learning this stuff since I was a kid.
W-Whoa...
I didn’t think the hair I’d pilfered from Sofurin to make a rope would come in handy like this.
Mind giving me that when you’re done with it?
......?
Give it to me, okay?!
......!
Shouting out of nowhere is terrifying, I think to myself.
Sorry for all the things that I did.
Eeep! Y-You’re creeping me out!
So I decide to apologize to Crappymori.
The rest will be easy.
So morning glory isn’t just a fancier name for morning wood... Oof?!
’S-Scuse me, ma’am! Couldn’t see ahead with all this food I’m carryin’!
The guard on bath duty wears contact lenses, so we make her drop one.
That bumped one of my lenses out... Where’d it go?!
Then, we have our guy step on it.
After that, we open the bathing room’s windows to fill the place with obscuring steam.
This brings our chances of being caught down as far as they can go.
All right, now’s our chance. Watch your feet, little miss.
H-Here goes...
As a prison mediator, the Chief has the privilege of going into the baths first.
There are hardly any other female inmates here around this time, so she generally has the big tub to herself.
Which is why she elected to sneak Chisato in.
Come join us, kid.
Got it.
They needed a lookout to let them know if any other prisoners came in, so they brought me along with them.
Y-You look better than expected.
I do?
I look in the mirror.
Hinako?!
He’s talking to the mirror...
I look just like my sister.
He sure is.
Looks like I have a talent for crossdressing.
This brings me back to something Shimonuma said. Something this obnoxious foreigner from the toy shop across the street said.
What was that?
‘Crossdressing is addictive. Beware.’
......
......
I think I get it.
Yeah?
Unfortunately, since Kurebayashi has a shift at the shipyard, she isn’t joining us.
Remember to get out as soon as the light is red! Urgh, maybe I should have gotten a spare contact...
Let’s wash you up and get out of here. She may not be the sharpest knife in the shed, but we probably can’t pull the wool over her forever.
With that, the Chief starts splashing Chisato with hot water.
Haha, look at all that grime! The water’s getting as dark as your aura!
The dirt and grime fall off, and she gets progressively cleaner.
Eheh, eheheh... t-that tickles, eheh...
I remember when my sister washed me way back in the day.
H-Hey, Exhibiti.
That’s me.
C-Could you... n-not stare so much?
Don’t worry.
Huh?
So long as there’s love... there’s no problem.
Huh...?
There are old wounds all over Chisato’s body with large burns among them.
He means the scars ain’t nothing to worry about. Hell, in our world, they’re like medals of honor.
R-R-Really?
Though looking at them as marks of honor, the Chief handles her scars very gently when touching them.
Okay, time to clean under those pits. Arms up, c’mon.
Eheh, eh, eheh...
I feel like this is the first time I’ve seen you smile.
You really are ticklish, huh? Coochie-coochie-coo!
Geheheh!
Next up is that pretty face of yours. Let’s just lift up these bangs...
Guh!
The fun mood instantly freezes over.
Chisato’s hidden right eye is revealed.
It’s bright red. Grotesquely so.
S-So... sorry...
If I had to compare it to anything, it would be darkness.
Er, damn, nah. If anyone’s apologizing here, it’s me.
Like darkness staring at me.
It sent a chill down my spine.
E-Everyone g-gets grossed out when they s-see this...
T-That’s why... That’s why they all hate me...
I don’t know if it’s a disease or something, but I understand what she’s saying.
S-So, s-sorry you had to... had to see it.
Her eye held in it an unsettling terror.
I’m an exhibitionist.
However.
There’s not an exhibitionist alive who’s afraid of the dark.
I speak up.
It’s true that I’d often feel annoyed around you for reasons I can’t explain, but...
...I’m yakuza. We live in the darkness. Can’t get any of our backroom businesses going if we’re afraid of the dark, you know?
The Chief also speaks up with her eyes closed.
Besides, I don’t think Ms. Kurebayashi’ll mind, either.
W-Why not?
You know her as well as I do—you think she pays attention to other people?
You have a point there.
Then, as if nothing happened, the Chief starts washing Chisato’s hair.
Heheh. Strange, when I think about it, but true. Since we’ve been cast out by the world into the dark, we’ve really got no reason to fear it.
......
Chisato says nothing.
Three minutes left! You want to be upstanding citizens, start by following bath curfew!
We’ll bump into the next team if we don’t hurry out. Let’s get going.
Damn, we’ll have to soak another day, then. Here’s hoping we can take our time next chance, yeah?
Y-Yeah!
She misses her soak chance, but I do feel like she opened up to us just a little bit more.
I realize love really is powerful.
I come back to my cell to find it a complete mess.
......
The bed has been turned over, and my toothbrush and cup are scattered on the floor.
|Cough, cough|! A-All right, roll call time! And not roleplay, you perverts, roll-call! I’m taking a head count! And not amount of times you’ve gotten hea—
I don’t want the hassle of a guard seeing this, so I quickly get to cleaning.
Since the hair I hid behind the poster isn’t on the floor, I’ll guess they haven’t figured that out yet.
Looks like they haven’t found the duct route.
It’s... gone.
What’s wrong, Shuichiro?
My rehabilitation journal is gone.
My rehabilitation journal has vanished.
The room has been messed up, but that is the only thing that is missing.
......
I can’t navigate through the duct route without it.
All right, let’s start at the tip of the cock... List! The head of the cock... Ahh, dammit, I just want to go back to bed...
The most natural conclusion is that someone took it.
Sounds like the real problem here is whether whoever took your journal knew how important it was.
I’m back at Dr. Higuchi’s tonight.
It’s the only place I can get to without my journal, since I’ve come here time and time again.
Good point.
It would be a fatal problem if they’d stolen it with knowledge of the duct route.
Since the poster hadn’t been taken down, however, that possibility seems low.
Just about anyone could sneak into your cell and mess it up if they wanted to, so piecing together our culprit won’t be easy.
Any guard on staff can open the electric locks on the cells.
Prisoners can probably do the same if they’re working as custodians.
If that’s the kind of risk you’re dealing with, you might want to start writing in code.
I’ll do that.
Writing things I want to keep hidden in code would be a good idea, I think.
So, about what we were talking about before.
Oh, about Hazuki?
Hazuki is Captain Yugao’s first name.
Can’t say I know too much about her myself. She doesn’t like doctor’s offices too much, so she hardly comes here. Maybe she just doesn’t like me?
Why?
She seems pretty healthy and has never gotten hurt. Weird, huh? You do this job for years with all its contact and you’re bound to get at least a bit injured.
So she hasn’t gotten hurt on the job even a little over the years.
On top of that, the captain of the Sex Crimes Ward, Julia Agatsuma, doesn’t visit the medical ward much, either.
Whereas the |other| captain comes charging in the second she gets a little scrape.
Dr. Higuchi pokes at the photo she took with Sofurin.
Know anything else about her?
Er. Well, I think I’ve said this before, but I’m a doctor, remember? I can’t just give up patient information willy-nilly.
Right.
I remember her saying she wants to maintain her neutrality.
This is actually some advice Warden Mizushiro gave me, though.
‘If you’re looking for information on power players in the prison, seek out Doctor Eriko Higuchi’s help.’
‘She boasts an intimate knowledge of the people who populate this prison and can only be a boon to your mission.’
...is what she said.
A complex look comes over her face.
Warden Mizushiro said that, huh? Well, I did make a promise, but maybe she’s saying this is an exception... Or maybe...
Well, given my position, I don’t... think I can ignore her. And I do want to help him, so...
After murmuring to herself, she claps her hands together.
Very well! I’ll make an exception and help you out, then—help you ‘stabilize’ the prison!
Big thanks, bro.
After letting out a resolved smile, Dr. Higuchi looks up to the ceiling with a “hmm.”
What else is there...? I guess I could bring up how Hazuki doesn’t seem to get along too well with her family.
Why’s that?
When you work here, you get to see your family at the port on the mainland once a month. It’s all paid for by the government. They put a boat out.
That’s a bargain.
Sure is. I get on the boat to see my mother sometimes, but I’ve never seen Hazuki on it. Really, though, it might just be that they live farther away.
If she’s worked here for many years but her family has never come to see her, they might not have the best relationship.
You’re kind of similar in the family department, right?
I am.
I don’t get along with them too well.
To be more exact, I’ve barely spoken with my parents.
I get along well with my sister, though. She’s the one who raised me.
Sibling love, huh? Color me a bit jealous—I’m an only child.
So, Captain Hazuki Yugao isn’t particularly close to her family.
What conclusions can I draw from that?
Is she sick? Is that why she uses the cane?
Hmm, it doesn’t seem like it. It’s probably lasting damage from an old wound. Or her joints have gotten soft.
She mentions that Yugao got into a traffic accident long ago and was left seriously injured.
She uses a cane because she hasn’t fully recovered.
Oh, that’s why she comes to give blood sometimes.
Give blood?
Yeah, you know how sometimes the prison does that thing where they ask for blood donations?
Yeah, those happen once every few months.
Unlike the outside, it’s not like you get anything for donating blood. Rumors abound that it’ll lower your score by 0.001, though.
Hazuki’s blood Rh factor lacks all but the D antigen, so it’s super rare.
I see.
It’s called ‘-D-’, and only one in two hundred thousand people has her type. Her blood’s scarce stuff.
To put it simply, it’s super rare and really impressive.
That’s so cool.
The blood banks never have much of that type to spare, either, so as a doctor I just hope she’ll keep on donating.
I don’t fully grasp it, but I get that it’s rare and valuable.
One last question, then.
What kind of person do you think she is, Dr. Higuchi?
Good question. I guess I’d say she’s a really cautious, wary person?
That’s Dr. Higuchi’s read.
The apex predator. She’s the de facto ruler of the prison.
That’s the information broker’s—Mr. Kugitani’s—read.
She’s got direct control over the SST, and they’re the guardians of the prison.
Through extreme violence, maybe.
Right, you are. She can have your bones broken with a snap of her finger. The lady’s got the SST housebroken too—without her orders, they’re not going to listen too well to the guards.
That’s really strange.
They’re probably real attached. I’ve even heard that the unit’s commander, Natsumi Ohtabe, basically adores her. She’s a real diligent worker bee.
Yugao clamps down on prisoners more than she needs to and constantly acts aggressively.
Why is that?
She’s probably dissatisfied with everything here, particularly her pay.
Money issues?
Guards don’t exactly have high salaries. On the other hand—I don’t know if you know this—but this prison makes bank off of our labor.
This one in particular? Why?
Your old haunt, the coal mine. You get bituminous coal there. That stuff is essential for iron. It’s a twenty-four-hour operation with no personnel costs too. It’s going to make a pretty penny.
So she’s angry she’s not sharing in the benefits?
On the other hand, she doesn’t get bought out by wealthier prisoners, and her work is all perfect.
She has the ability to win hearts and minds—or control them, at least—and is talented as a manager.
That’s why she’s the strongest here. Almost perfect as a guard in some ways. But think about it—no one loves a perfect person, right?
Precisely.
Mr. Kugitani chuckles.
People look at her with awe and fear. That’s why no prisoner... hell, no guard can go against her. She’s the queen bee around these parts.
We’re up against the strongest captain in the compound.
She’s not going to be easy to bring down.
Is there any way to beat her?
Yeah, I’ve got a good one. Piss on her. One of the best ways to deal with a bee sting. Not that I’d know if it works on a queen bee, though.
If a folk remedy like that would work, I’d love to test it out.
She got even you spooked, Exhibitiman?
No, I’m fine.
If everyone’s going to be against me after I start to move, it’ll be most efficient to bring down the strongest one first.
Haha! You really are something, you know that?
I hand Mr. Kugitani the last of my cash.
To my surprise, he doesn’t accept it.
You’re the one who told me to pay what information is worth.
You’re talking huge-scale stuff here. Taking down a captain? That’s the kind of stuff prisoners dream of. Your average inmate wouldn’t begin to think of it.
Just hearing you talk about it makes me feel more... free. It’s a compelling tale. I just want to hear more of it.
He has a calm look on his face as he puffs out smoke.
Free, huh?
......
I think about freedom for the first time in a long time.
That aside, mind giving me one of those candies? When you get to my age, you start craving sweets a lot.
I’ve got a lot of them lately. Hold on, I’ll pull one out of my anus.
I hand him the candy I got from Dr. Higuchi and head back to my cell.
......
(END)
