Working in the Damned Ward is always unsettling.
......
It feels strange to observe the cells with a checklist in hand.
It’s like I’m running an experiment or something.
......
In the deepest section of the Damned Ward is what looks like a small cavern.
It’s like a spot carved out of a wall, and the entrance is barely large enough for one person to fit through.
It’s cramped inside. You can’t lie down fully, and you can only hunch over when standing. It sucks to clean.
That is the area we put the damned that have lost their minds and turned physically violent.
When I wondered aloud what the cordoned-off section underground was, Warden Mizushiro gave me the minimum explanation.
You won’t need to know any more than that. It’s not somewhere with anything to do with you.
It’s the darkest, gloomiest place in the underground ward.
Down here, you can’t even hear the moans.
A quiet siren starts to ring.
It’s the signal for the demolitions expert to get going.
Time for work, Chisato.
Ah, uh...
I’ll dress you.
T-Thank you...
Her clothes are made so that she can’t put them on herself, so I have to tie the strings.
T-The lady would always do this for me. The one with the mask...
I wonder who she is, anyway?
R-Rumor says she’s a noble from overseas...
I have no idea why they would lock a noble up in a place like this.
I’m... not thinking any untoward thoughts as I dress you.
N-No one asked.
Because I dress you... with love.
......
It’s essentially a bundle of black rags, and putting it on her is easy.
Let’s go together.
Yeah.
Since my shift is up, I decide to go with Chisato.
What I’m saying is, this love stuff is amazing.
......
It’s gentle, soft... and it smells great.
It... smells great?
Love just... rules.
Y-Yeah...
Let’s say it. Love rules.
L-Love r-rules...
Love rules!
Love r-rules!
We enjoy a fun conversation as we walk through the dark tunnel.
Before long, we get to the mining site.
A familiar coal miner, Mr. Bear—my old foreman—is there. I try to call out to him.
W-Wait, y-you can’t!
Chisato puts her index finger to her mouth.
T-They tell me not to talk to anyone or let them... s-see me, so we have to be s-sneaky.
And that’s why they call you a ghost?
Chisato discreetly sets the explosives she got from the storeroom on the way here.
Explosives set, clear...
All clear!
She puts both arms over her head and crouches down.
W-Watch... your head.
Think of yourself as a roly-poly, roly-poly...
I do the same.
An immense explosion rings out from behind, and I feel like something is pushing my back.
The troublesome pine rock is reduced to dust.
L-Let’s bring t-the rest of the bombs back.
You didn’t use them?
I-I can break stuff with half the dynamite, s-so we’re fine there.
Her work is impressive.
M-My dad was a fireworks professional, s-so... he taught me all about... e-explosives. I know a lot.
I find myself gazing at her technique in admiration.
You really are something, Chisato.
R-Really?
So this is what they mean when they say art is an explosion.
......
S-Someone praised my bomb-slinging? F-For the first time in my life? E-Everyone always y-yelled at me for it... Eheh, eheheh...
Since the miners will come back with the demolition done, we have to scurry away before we run into them.
W-Wrong way!
Huh? But that conveyor belt’s how we get back to the edge.
T-This way is f-faster.
Chisato goes through narrow passageways that we coal miners don’t think to set foot into.
It’s really dark.
Y-You’re going to want to watch your head.
I’ll be careful.
Like here.
Hgrmph!
Pffff!
......
......
B-Be careful, okay?
The ceiling isn’t dug properly, so passing through the passage with my height is difficult.
Why aren’t you bumping into anything, Chisato?
M-My right eye can see really well in the dark.
The red one?
I-It... glows in the dark.
Whoa, show me?
I-I don’t wannaaa...
Though she whines, I make her show me.
It does indeed glow, depending on the angle.
That’s so... cool.
P-People tell me it’s... c-creepy all the time, though.
Really? It’s... super cool.
T-They say it’s scary... it’s unsettling... i-it’s gross...
Man, why doesn’t my eye glow?
T-That’s why I don’t belong... a-anymore. Not outside and not down h-here...
Like, it has to be an eye gifted from the gods.
......
I... really want one too.
Y-You’re really that... t-that jealous? M-Makes me feel kind of... special. K-Kind of superior. Eheh, heheh...
The path goes down and the path climbs up.
With how impossible it is to see anything, I don’t expect to memorize it.
I had no idea there were this many tiny paths, either.
The mine has a l-long history, so the paths are... c-complicated. There’s lotsa places people don’t know.
Like t-take this for starters. T-The old tunnel.
We’re in pretty deep.
The old tunnel.
It’s one t-they used way back.
This is the very bottom of the coal mine. It’s almost fourteen hundred meters underground.
The weakened ground and encroaching seawater have rendered it unusable.
What are we doing here?
W-Well, i-it’s really dark, right?
And s-she, well, doesn’t come to dark places.
Yugao, huh?
Yeah, she always puts on lights. I-I figure she doesn’t... like the dark? S-So I’m always looking for dark places.
I notice a long-abandoned set of minecarts.
Looks like they don’t move anymore.
Because they’re old?
They move a little when you push them.
Here layeth fuel, mayhaps.
You sure know a lot, Chisato.
A lot.
You’re like a coal professor.
......
C-Complimented again... b-by a man too... I could... get used to this, eheh, eheheh...
Chisato has a unique way of laughing that I think is beautiful.
Complimenting her also immediately lifts her spirits, so I imagine she’s not too used to praise.
I-I think they transported coal from here d-decades ago.
The cart tracks seem to go all the way up a steep slope and beyond.
We can’t see any light from outside down here.
T-Tales say there was a cave-in deeper ahead, s-so they stopped using it.
Tales say.
I stare at the path for a while longer.
Darkness is all I can see, yet I feel something... bubbling up in my heart.
This is kind of great.
......?
It just feels fun to think about how this leads to the world up on the surface.
I start to think the cart tracks are like a path of hope, rolling on to our future.
I want you to have a place on the surface, Chisato, just like all of us.
That way we’ll be able to work on our game a lot more than we do now.
And I think that would be way more fun.
Chisato lowers her face. Just a little bit, though.
T-That... might not be so easy.
Sadness colors her words.
B-Because, well, I-I might as well already be... dead.
I’m visiting the warden’s office to give the day’s progress report.
Ma’am.
Go out and come back in.
......?
Big intruding, bro?
The issue is not your verbiage, but your actions. When entering the room of your superior, you must always knock and ask permission. Understood?
Big sorry, bro.
You don’t need the ‘big.’
Sorry.
You don’t need to drop it either.
Which is it...?
Did you say something?
My few meetings with Warden Mizushiro have shown me well just how attached to etiquette she is.
To pay mind to etiquette is to show the one you’re talking to that you are on the same level of culture and humanity.
One cannot discuss matters of pressing work with a monkey, can one?
She might have a point.
I trust no one found you on your way?
No, ma’am.
Visiting her office unseen was the first condition she laid down for our working relationship.
Using the duct route ensures no one will notice me.
The warden is doing paperwork on her tablet.
The papers in her hand are a bundle of the sheets I check through down in the Damned Ward every day.
How exactly are the prisoners in the Damned Ward treated?
The incarcerated down there don’t seem to have any rights.
Did you not listen to the entry explanation? That prisoners here have no rights?
Sofurin told me that was more of a metaphor.
She was right about that. That does not, however, apply to those fallen into the ward of the Damned.
She pushes up her glasses and speaks softly.
To be more precise, the Damned Ward does not exist in Tulip Prison.
When a normal prisoner is sent there, they are given a number starting from 1000.
Data-wise, however, there are no prisoners in Tulip Prison with numbers past 1000.
Not even the guards here know of prisoners with 1000 numbers.
Of course, they don’t. To take on the number means to stop being an inmate of Tulip Prison.
The moment an inmate is consigned to the Damned Ward is the moment they’re erased from the prison’s data.
Why is that?
Because they become inmates on death row.
Her voice is clear.
Normally, inmates on death row are kept not in prisons, but in detention centers.
Death row inmates cannot be kept in prison.
Ergo, the Damned Ward isn’t a prison.
Once on death row, an inmate must wait for their execution to be carried out, rather than serve their sentence.
This is why it is fundamentally impossible for one to return to the surface from the Damned Ward.
Why is there a detention center in the prison, ma’am?
Allow me to explain. Tulip Prison is not simply a prison alone.
This is the ninth correctional precinct, a place that by all means should not be. As a correctional ward, it boasts a variety of facilities.
So it’s all concentrated here, then?
Indeed. This was built as a pre-execution holding center, with cells for other dangerous criminals. Escape is infeasible thanks to the rough seas, making it a perfect place to hold the malicious.
It was set up in secret for two primary reasons: to discourage escape by hardened criminals and to resist demands for their release by extremist organizations. Cults, communists, those sorts.
Demands for release? That would happen?
In the past, yes. I’m sure you’ve heard of hijacking before. That is why this facility was kept a secret and allowed to fade into legend.
With the falling crime rates and increasing sex crimes of recent years, however, I brought experimental changes to the facility, christening it Tulip Prison.
I kept the old detention center, however. It found new life and purpose as the Damned Ward.
Since they’ll die anyway, the idea is that anything done to the inmates is permitted.
This is where those that even this prison has deemed impossible to rehabilitate are sent—when their scores see a sudden and immense increase, for instance.
Even locking them away in darkness forever, noting and observing their descent into madness.
What are those scores, anyway, ma’am?
One’s criminality coefficient, or ‘score,’ is a numerical expression of something thought to be unknowable: one’s correlation to crime.
She gives me a clear explanation.
So it’s like a hidden stat in a video game?
I cannot say I understand your example, but there’s not a person alive with a static score. Yours changes often, does it not?
She’s right about that.
Such score systems are employed in prisons all across the nation—and all in secret. Those below the rank of captain do not even know of their existence.
The warden tells me that she is the only person with the right to set a prisoner’s initial criminality coefficient.
This seems to not only be determined by one’s sentence length but also by meetings with correctional officers and the like.
That makes me think back to interviews I had testing my aptitude for various prison jobs before I came to the prison proper.
The prisoners themselves are not made privy to this information, of course, out of respect for their rights.
But every guard here knows the prisoners’ criminality coefficients. I know about them, too.
As I said, this is an experiment. Why does the average guard elsewhere not know a prisoner’s score? Because they cannot increase it, barring clear criminal activities.
What use is knowing that which you can have no effect on?
True. If we prisoners didn’t know our own scores, we wouldn’t live in such fear of a simple number, either.
In Tulip Prison, even the lowest of guards can increase or decrease an inmate’s criminality coefficient. This is strictly regulated, however, and one cannot greatly boost or lower it.
We wouldn’t want our correctional officers abusing their power, after all.
Criminality coefficient totals are meticulously recorded in yearly reports, meaning that any drastic changes will be immediately discovered. Not even I could get away with it.
She explains that this is the condition she accepted in exchange for the experimental ability to establish individual criminality coefficients.
Now, when a score climbs to 1.0, the inmate is seen as completely impossible to rehabilitate, permitting their execution.
......
The rumors were true.
But why?
Because they become a waste of taxes.
Once your score hits 1.0, you really do end up executed right away.
This is the reason death row inmates seem to either never get executed or executed very suddenly.
She notes, however, that very few inmates actually attain a score of 1.0.
This prison’s eager adoption of the criminality coefficient system is due to the violent criminals it formerly held. With the death penalty as a threat, even the fiercest criminal will behave.
The threat is clear. A prisoner given the death sentence cannot turn back time.
Chisato cannot go back to being a normal inmate.
Was Number 1310’s score 1.0, then?
The warden says she is an exception.
Chisato came here before it became Tulip Prison.
In other words, she is a rarity in the facility—a prisoner with no criminality coefficient.
So that’s why it is okay for a resentful guard to throw her underground...?
I remember what Chisato said.
When she mentioned she was essentially dead, 
Right now, she’s not exactly dead, but not exactly alive either.
Tulip Prison is a special correctional precinct under the direct control of the Ministry of Justice. This gives me some sway with prosecutors and courts, but distances me from internal affairs.
Precious few know much about the Damned Ward.
Does Captain Yugao?
I can’t imagine she does. She may have the power to send prisoners to the ward as I do, but she does not know the details. I expect she thinks it little more than a convenient black site.
Adults have many secrets children are not privy to, you see.
Warden Mizushiro is treating the mighty Yugao like a child.
A cold sensation runs down my spine.
There is much she does not know about the prison. A good example would be where the facility’s copious profits are disappearing to.
However, ignorance aside, the fact remains that she has built up considerable power.
Her voice chills me to my core.
Do cease asking about her any and everywhere. She has ears in all corners of the prison.
......
And do be sure not to disappoint me
My position is not a secure one.
If I sour the warden’s mood in the slightest, I’ll go back to being a regular prisoner.
No, worse. I may end up on death row in the Damned Ward.
If you would shoot a general, shoot first his horse.
I think of who the horse would be.
Not Yugao, but someone close to her. Who?
Do you mean the SST commander, Ohtabe?
Indeed. She serves as Captain Yugao’s arms and legs, the very backbone of her power. As such, she will prove quite the trying opponent.
Yet, she can do nothing without Captain Yugao’s orders, as arms cannot move without a head. An archetypical follower, her.
Should you be able to drive a wedge between them, the two will surely lose much of their formidability.
I see a different kind of emotion in her eyes.
Something hard to place, but easy to feel. Derision? Mockery?
......
She wants me to bring Yugao and Ohtabe apart, somehow.
As for how I would do that...
I just need to get her demoted and have her lose her title.
I don’t need to make her quit her job entirely to achieve my goal.
If I want to save Chisato, all I need to do is unseat her from her position as captain.
A good insight. Clever boy.
She praises me for the first time.
Should she lose her title as deputy warden of the Serious Offenses Ward...
At that moment, I feel a strange sensation bubbling up inside.
Are you sure about this, Warden Mizushiro?
I’m planning on crushing Yugao.
Oh, I don’t mind.
If a desperate young prisoner is all it takes to bring about her downfall, it simply means she never lived up to my expectations in the first place.
I feel something building up inside me. A sort of heat.
Go, then, and find a method. Find, on your own, a way to demote Captain Yugao.
The foundation she has built up over the years has the strength of titanium. Breaking down her stronghold, I’m afraid, will be no mean feat.
It may take you a year or two to even step within striking range.
The longer a trial is, the more effective it is at measuring the subject’s value. I am in no hurry, and fortunately, we both have plenty of time.
......
It’s about time to head back.
I bow my head and leave her office.
There is, however, one thing to watch out for.
She speaks up as I leave.
She is a master of using other’s fears against them.
(END)
That night, I find myself sitting in the waiting room.
I’m on night duty, and I have to keep watch over the boilers to make sure the Obscenity Ward heating doesn’t die out.
......
I turn around to see an empty bucket on the ground.
I pick it up, briefly mulling over just how loud it sounds when it’s this late.
It’s such a quiet night.
Someone’s fallen seriously ill in the Sex Crimes Ward! Whoever’s on night duty, help me carry him!
I step out to answer the call for help.
Hn!
Urgh!
I lose consciousness immediately after.
I wake up to find myself under the moonlight.
Wherever I am, it’s covered with unsettling tools and devices I’ve never seen before.
Finally awake, Number 0720?
Yugao is sitting right in front of me, her face illuminated by the moon.
Where am I?
Nowhere in particular, just a little corner of a building I call my own. I haven’t given it a name, but...
...some lacking in creativity and class call it the torture room.
......
I’m strapped to a chair, tight. I can’t move a muscle.
I’d say it’s high time you sang, young one. Tell me, who are you working for?
Warden Mizushiro did say Yugao had eyes everywhere.
She must have picked up long ago that I’d been looking into her.
I can come up with any number of excuses to punish you. Take this, for instance.
She shoves a thick book into my face.
It’s my journal.
I took the liberty of borrowing this little diary of yours, but it’s filled with nothing but scribbles and pictures and scribble pictures. Would you mind telling me what they mean?
......
I knew it. They don’t know it’s a map of the duct route.
I hesitate, thinking of my response.
Well, I can go without knowing.
She drops the topic with ease.
I don’t care if you’ve got Julia or some other throne-chaser up top, a little puppy like you won’t change a thing. What matters, though...
...is why you have any connection at all to that rat.
Rat.
She means Chisato.
Why do you hate her so much, ma’am?
Do I need a special reason to hate her?
That rat has been hated, avoided, and cast away by every person she’s met.
I’m sure you’ve picked up on why, yes?
That rotten apple of an eye. It’s like all the darkness of the world is gathered in a convenient, disgusting little globe.
Who wouldn’t want to spit or vomit when an eye like the darkest abyss gazes at them?
Anyone would. So I give her the punishment she deserves.
Are you afraid of the dark?
After a look of surprise, she narrows her eyes.
Excuse me?
I was right.
This lady’s afraid of Chisato.
If looking at her is so unsightly, so disgusting, why not cover your eyes?
Why go out of your way to lock her away? To keep her down?
......
Because you can’t find peace of mind unless you do, that’s why.
You’re scared. Scared of not having Chisato locked away with the key in your pocket.
......
I’m an exhibitionist. The dark doesn’t scare me a bit.
The only one in the world crying over a little shade is you, lady.
......
Own up to it. Admit your weakness.
Don’t push your fear onto others.
You know who attacks people because they’re scared?
Goddamn children, Yugao!
Well? Is that it for your grand theater speech?
I cough up blood.
The next words refuse to leave my mind or my mouth.
The pain coursing through my body is too great to come up with anything else.
Sounds like you’ve lived your life... with one HELL of a misunderstanding.
You’ve always been a good arguer, haven’t you? That’s something that’s helped you in prison. I know you’ve talked circles around the hardened convicts in here to get your way.
You must have felt so confident, beating down grown men with that cute logic of yours.
But allow me to clue you in on something, streaker. No matter how acidic your tongue, you can’t truly burn someone’s skin.
You can’t escape the most primal and potent power of all: violence. A lesson I’m sure you’ve just learned, boy.
Through all my experiences in prison, I arrived at a single, certain belief.
That as long as I built up a solid case on a strong foundation of logic, I could take people down without throwing a punch or thrusting a shiv.
My plotting would be my fists. My conviction would be my knife.
I believed I could win my fights on logic alone.
......
I was wrong.
Reality stares me in the face. Before simple, pure violence, I can do nothing.
One more thing. Violence doesn’t only work on that feeble body of yours.
......!
Move and you’ll dislocate a joint. This is the third time.
I only give two warnings.
I hear a grinding echoing throughout my body.
......!
The pain comes right after.
My mind is a confusing slurry of heat and agony.
Urggghhhh!
Violence works splendidly on the mind too.
I know, objectively, the state I’m in.
I’ve seen someone in it before. Very recently too.
Sofurin, collapsed on the floor with the eyes of all looking down on her.
Ahh... Ghhkk... Aahh!
I’m just as defenseless as she was.
Even the weakest person with even the slightest bit of hostility to me could crush me.
What a pity. What a shame. If I were to miss my step, why, I’m sure the pain would be unbearable. Something like this!
Ghhhhk!
Right now, she has my life entirely in her hands.
Fear dominates me. Fear unlike anything I’ve felt before.
I realize, now, that in the face of fear, one loses every tool of resistance they have.
Gahhhhh!
Ahaha! This is what happens when you talk big to your betters, boy! This lesson’s free!
You’re not... getting away with this!
Of course I am. I have every right, boy, to discipline scum like you.
I have authority, child, and that gives me a monopoly on violence—and the ability to use it as freely as I am now!
No matter how much the weak struggle, they can do nothing to those who rule! Ahaha!
I’ll make you regret this, Yugao!
Even so, I have one weapon left.
Ghk! If you can stomp on people’s dignity without a moment’s hesitation, then I’ll...!
You’ve still got some yap in you, mutt? Oh, the attack dog I could have trained you to be if you had the brains to kiss my ring!
I’ll fucking inhume you, ba—ggguuhhhkk!
But what a shame! What a tragedy! You’ve shacked up with that rat—you’re no dog but a rat yourself! Ahahaha!
The electricity pours into my nerves.
My bones sting as if burning.
Never speak to that filth again. If you swear to abandon her, I’ll let you keep your pathetic life.
I refuse. I’m staying with Chisato no matter what.
Now I know your weakness too!
It’s darkness! That’s why this room isn’t closed off! Why it’s made to let the moonlight in!
I’ll make sure everyone knows and sees what happens! Half the prison hates you—it’ll be a good show!
If you don’t want that to happen, then kill me!
Fucking kill me!
She looks microscopically taken aback.
Only for a moment, though. She scoffs.
What would ending the life of a rat like you get me?
I knew it.
She can’t kill me.
I can, however, hurt you just enough to push you to the brink... and make sure you
Some sort of device that appears to be an iron glove is in her right hand.
I got my hands on a fascinating little toy the other day.
See these thin, iron needles? They go under the nails, you see. You treat them like a lever, and with a little push, well, they peel them right off.
Don’t... Don’t do it!
The SST commander holds my shoulders down.
Gh...!
I manage to brush her off, but I still have the device on my hand. Either way, I dash for the door.
I don’t get far. The commander slams me to the ground and holds my arm up.
Nnn!
You really are a fool.
I kick and crawl at the ground, desperately trying to move, but I don’t budge an inch.
Look at you, squirming like a baby in a pool. How many nails, I wonder, will it take to break you? Let’s find out.
Ghh...
GAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!
Ahahaha! God, look at you, you’ve wet yourself!
Ghnnn... Urgghh...
Loose-bladdered little pissant! I can’t wait to see how much you leak out by the time I get to your thumb!
The torture goes on well into the night.
The sky has started to whiten by the time I return to my cell.
Prone and vulnerable, I can no longer get up.
Are you still alive, Shuichiro?
Somehow, Amatsu...
The swelling of my eyelids makes it hard to see, and even breathing is taxing.
The nausea I assume is from the shocks that assail me, and I have no way of drying my wet lower half.
Forgive me. If only I was able to hold the urine back...
Don’t worry about it. The urethra isn’t your responsibility...
I stare down at my bloody nails and grit my teeth.
Besides... that was fruitful.
Violence is the most convenient expression of power there is.
But it isn’t 
There’s something else I’ve learned during my time in Tulip Prison.
I’ve finally come up with a plan to bury her.
If her power comes from authority.
I call it... Operation Folk Remedy.
Then I’ll use that authority to strangle her.
Time for our counterattack.
I’ll show her a fear that puts violence to shame.
(END)
Pffff! Look at that goddamn face! It’s like you kicked every hornet’s nest in town!
The next day in the cafeteria, I run into someone I’d beaten the shit out of.
Hyah, hyah, hyah, hyah! That’s an award-winning face right there, ahahaha!
......
And you pissed yourself like a widdle babbi too? Gaha, ahah, ghh... g-god, god, I need some water...!
She’s on the verge of hyperventilating, so I reluctantly give her some water.
Woo! Goddamn, that was a laugh. Haven’t laughed like this since I slathered honey over my sister’s nipples and caught a beetle or two when we were little!
I’ll plot to piss on her later as payback, I think to myself.
So, tell me, who was it that gave you such a stunning makeover?
Captain Yugao.
You made an enemy of her, of all people? Kids, I tell ya, too dumb to live!
Even I make sure not to talk even the slightest shit behind her back to avoid getting on her bad side.
Hanamaru lives to piss people off, and even she doesn’t want to mess with Yugao.
Was it on purpose? Some kind of cry for attention? I mean, I do know you have that thing for older women! Pff, pff, haha!
......
God, I feel so bad for you too. You walk around with a balloon face like that and everyone’s going to stare.
Glad to hear it.
Excuse me? Kid, I didn’t think you were this brainless. Look, you’re basically broadcasting that you’re a weak little bitch to the whole joint.
And this
If they think you’re weak, you’re on a real simple course. Everyone just a little bit tougher will keep playing you and playing you like a fiddle until you’re all strung out and this is all that’s left.
She brings her thumb across her neck like a knife and sticks out her tongue.
Her insinuations mean nothing to me.
This is all for our game.
Your ‘game?’ Oh, that thing Eroducer was advertising? It was an eroge, right?
Production is paused at the moment.
Like hell you can make a porn game in this prison.
Has your head become like an eroge package too? Big as hell but empty on the inside?
I do not get her insult at all.
Would you happen to know a lot about eroge?
Well, eroge does show up in the textbooks back in my hometown, yeah.
I’ve been CEO of a game dev company on the outside too. Even got a patent for a full-immersion VR game to boot.
Incredible if true.
The day I lie is the day pigs fly outta my pussy.
Right, all lies, then, I think to myself.
Really, though, I can’t understand the brain of anyone who’d want to make a visual novel porn game. That’s just a waste of time.
It’d definitely be fun.
Fun my ass! Just remembering it makes me rock-hard with rage!
Record the experience of going to another world in some art piece? Honeyed words for wasting my youth on that piece of shit game! It didn’t even make any goddamn money!
Rin murmurs curses and insults.
From her reaction, I have to wonder.
Have you... made one?
Yeah. Just once.
Please, I’d love to have your help!
Whoa, whoa, personal space, buddy!
My game dev process is essentially groping in the dark.
I can think of nothing better than having the advice of someone who has done it before.
Please!
What if they think we’re enjoying a little loophole bang?! It’s already your fault I’ve got eyes up top on me!
I beg of you!
No thanks, pissbaby! What the hell would be in it for me?!
I’ll pay if you want money!
How much you got?
4200 yen, about.
Classic passion exploitation! You’re just like every scummy company, saying ‘people would kill for your job!’ or ‘I’ll pay in exposure,’ working the talent for peanuts while you take the tiny profits!
Then I’m not opposed to using force.
Don’t run your mouth, blimp-face! You’re all but on life support. I can just smack you over like this! Hah!
I fall over backwards.
At the same time, I put my arm around her neck and force her down.
What are you...?!
Don’t move.
What do you think’ll happen if I get a boner like this?
......!
Hanamaru already has a brutal rap sheet in the prison—she’s forced a sexual performance before.
If a guard sees us, she’ll think Hanamaru is reoffending. No question.
You goddamn amoeba, do you honestly think you’ll get off okay if I go down?
They already want to break me. I don’t mind a few more scars.
Ghk! Get the fuck off of me, you little pissant!
Oh, look at that. I’m half hard.
Nnn!
This is a bluff. A boner bluff.
I don’t get hard unless I’m naked, but this is perfect for making a threat.
You were right. I
Always got something to say, huh?!
It’s even more effective against my first love.
So, what’ll it be?
Go to solitary for giving a younger guy a boner or look over my game?
I ever tell you I hate guys with death wishes? Fine, fine, I get it, I’ll do it!
Haaaaahhh... Fuck me. I’ll help with your little project!
Sweet.
You wanted advice, right? Fine. I can spare you a sentence or two of my brilliant insight.
I’m really glad.
However! I don’t want the damn Calabash Bitch beating me down, you got that? So come back when you’re all cleaned up!
I’ll give you your advice if you get her permission and only if you get her permission!
Works for you too, you know? You want to put your own safety first, right? Gyahahaha!
She leaves, chortling all the way.
Pff, haha! You got pretty handsome, kid!
I’m getting laughed at a lot today.
How did you get it swollen so artistically?! That face is an Artistry score over 9, easy!
Chisato.
Pfff!
......
......
The Chief takes my bandage-wrapped right hand with a half-baffled smile.
Damn, she did a really poor job of peeling these off. So, what’re you gonna do?
Forgive her entirely.
With the heart of a saint.
The two grin.
Their smiles have a slightly different meaning this time.
The plan you came up with isn’t half-bad, surprisingly, but... can’t believe you came up with something so wild.
I don’t know whether you’re strong of heart or dull of mind, but you sure are the type who’ll do anything, huh?
You think so?
I need a bit more time before I can enact the plan I’ve come up with.
Until then, I’ll have the patience of a saint.
You probably want to look at the whole pissing yourself thing with saintly eyes and forget that too.
......
It is, like, the second time you’ve pissed yourself.
......
I didn’t. I didn’t piss myself.
Huh?
I did not... piss myself.
I double down hard.
C’mon now, kid, it’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Anyone’d piss themselves after getting tased.
I didn’t piss myself or anything.
She’s right. I mean, you’re basically like a baby, anyway, so you don’t need to feel bad.
And if I
Me, I got out of diapers pretty late. I remember my sister putting my panties on me too... Brings me back.
You sound like you’re still wearing them.
Uh, yeah? I am?
Listen, I didn’t
Poor kid looks depressed as all hell.
Pissing yourself at my age is humiliating.
I had no idea he was even capable of being down.
But, well, what’s out is out. No sense in feeling down over it now.
Real weepy...
So I decide to forget about it.
Urgh!
So, Chisato, about those revisions to the plot!
Uh, let’s see. To protect the city he loves, our protagonist forms his own Sicko Squad from the regulars of the shopping street, acting as a neighborhood watch...
I want to put my free time into prepping for game dev.
However, the big bad and local serial killer has the ability to overload others’ PESPs and takes over the time-stopping heroine, making her take revenge for her father Mating Press Man and fight the protagonist.
Warden Mizushiro still has our data, but there’s plenty we can do.
To stop her, the protagonist conjures up a storm with his final ejaculation, mixing his semen into it to turn it into a blazing cyclone. This has enough force to tear away at the lustveins, their source of power...
That’s what Team 69 is here to do.
What the hell is coming out of our mouths?
There are some points in the plot I made with Chisato before that I wanted to go over.
So, let’s say that Mating Press Man’s ability was actually being driven out of control by the big bad, and the heroine is trying to take revenge and kill her.
But that’s when he up and tells her that nothing comes from revenge. That they should live for the future.
Then a bunch of stuff happens, and we get a happy ending.
......
So I don’t think... there’s any need for everyone to die.
You think so...?
Her prose and plots are doomsday depressing, but I’ve come to know that a little comedic spin can leave them with a surreal charm.
While I think that’s excellent in its own right, I do want to change the ending to something cheerful.
C-Can she not have her r-revenge?
Chisato seems to be stuck on that.
I ask her why.
W-Well. Well...
I want to hear your opinion.
It takes Chisato a bit of time to gather her thoughts.
After a good while of thinking it over, she gives me a meandering explanation.
W-Well, all right, I think... s-sometimes the right ending for the reader is... s-something the characters don’t want.
Sometimes, the generally accepted or ethically “right” choice—don’t pursue revenge, forgive people—wildly differs from the character’s emotions.
B-But, well, I figure he has his own thoughts, r-right? From all the stuff he’s been through?
I would have the protagonist say that nothing comes from revenge.
S-So maybe he would... want to let her take revenge?
She wants to do what the protagonist wants, rather than go off of the heroine’s emotions.
That’s Chisato’s view.
What do you think, Kurebayashi?
What society thinks doesn’t really matter, but the heroine’s doing something wrong, right? He should just punch her and stop her, then.
Chief?
That’s the woman he picked, right? If she’s going that far, I’d say he should stick with her to the bitter end. That’s what a couple does.
Opinions vary.
W-What do... you think, Exhibitiman?
I think...
I take a moment.
And remember my encounter with the warden.
I think offering another idea is the most efficient.
Any situation can be changed if you offer an alternative the other party accepts.
Instead of killing her for revenge, how about violating her as an example until the heroine’s satisfied? Or exposing her to the city at large?
I think the protagonist offering her an alternative she’ll accept should solve the problem.
Coming up with an alternative will allow them to compare their options too. Very logical.
Veritably.
People will never stop when what they want is right in front of them.
So why not make them look elsewhere, and give them a new thing they’ll want to do?
I think focusing on doing the ‘right thing’ would ignore their inner lives, so this alternative stuff is probably more constructive.
Chisato’s gaze is distant.
Is... Is that so?
She wears a thoughtful expression like she’s really mulling it over.
That afternoon, the Chief invites me somewhere.
She takes me to what looks like a small garden.
Not many people in the prison know about this place. Makes it a perfect little spot for secret training.
She rolls her neck around and balls a fist.
I’ll level with you, kid. You’re just too weak. When the time comes to step up to the plate, you’re going to embarrass yourself.
The plans I come up with generally involve putting myself in danger.
Keeping on like this is risky, she’s right.
So, I’m going to train you up.
......
In my mind, what the Chief is best at is yelling at people.
I ask if she’s really strong enough to teach people how to fight.
Hahhh!
Whoa.
I’ll let you be the judge.
Though thin, it’s still a tree. Her punch sends it shaking and shedding leaves.
Yakuza... sure are something.
I’ll say.
Yakuza bosses are made from different stuff, I think to myself.
I don’t think I’ll be able to measure up, though. I’m not good at sports. I really hated sports day.
Since I lived a life where fighting was an alien concept, I don’t think I can pull it off.
So I’d... really rather not.
Listen up, kid. You put yourself into this training, and I’ll draw one of the game characters on this poster.
......!
She does work for the safety week posters.
And she’ll draw a character from Pervy ESP on it? That means...
Bonus art!
Yeah, probably, something like that.
I’m in!
Oh yeah?
Let’s get to it, right now!
I decide to allot my free time to training with the Chief in this garden.
Let’s roll! On two! One, two... Hrahhhhh!
Since she’s doing her best to teach me, I decide to repay her efforts in kind.
We’re not done yet! Urraaahhhh!
That doesn’t change the fact that it basically feels like torture.
I’m gonna die.
Good, that’s how you want to think. Training on the brink makes it better.
The Chief’s teachings begin with tempering my lung capacity.
The “Kazan Shingan Style” she trained under is supposed to be all about the explosive power of breathing or something.
It’s not like shaping up’ll hurt, right? Especially not when you’re trying to go toe-to-toe with the Calabash Bitch.
True.
If she won’t hesitate to use violence to bring me down, I’m going to want to have the strength to resist at least a little.
If you’re strong enough to knock a tree over, do you think you could beat the SST?
Maybe your average grunt on the force, but that right-hand woman the Calabash Bitch’s got... What’d they call her, Ohtabe? She’d be a bit rough.
How come?
Reach problem, simple and clean. I’m not particularly big, you know?
Our weight classes are just too different. When you’re fighting without blades or heaters, builds talk.
So you’re at a disadvantage, then.
And unfortunately for you, kid, you’re almost as shrimpy as me. Heheh.
......
The Chief calls me kid often and brat sometimes, but I have to wonder how old she is.
I’ve thought it before, but it stands out to me again.
You think I can get strong?
You’re not gonna become a master of throwin’ down by next week, that’s for sure. It ain’t that easy.
Aww...
But if you get a bit stronger, you might just be able to keep your cool when the shit hits the fan.
What’s most important is the mind, kid. Everything else follows after that. They hurry to catch up.
Think about it. You’re already the leader of Team 69. You’ve got that title and reputation to defend—you can’t be falling on your ass when shit gets hairy.
Her tone softens.
Give it your best, kid. You wanna make that game, don’t you?
Then you can’t lose to anyone. Not when you’ve got somethin’ you want to protect.
Grow strong. Take the good with the bad and become the big man you were meant to be, kid.
The Chief is really big and really cool.
Thinking that, I decide to do my best to stick out the rest of her torture.
I’m all alone in the Obscenity Ward waiting room.
I don’t know why, but I was ordered onto night duty today.
......
It’s a very quiet, very cold night.
......!
An empty bucket has fallen over.
Just like last time.
That’s all, though. Nothing follows.
......!
But my hands are trembling. Violently.
My mind naturally remembers the burning pain in my joints, the needle piercing through my nails.
Shuichiro Minato... calm yourself.
The Chief said I was a pretty brave guy.
She’s not exactly right.
Breathe in... breathe out...
It’s not that I’m not afraid of things.
Just thinking that the pain could come back to me at any time has me shuddering.
If Amatsu wasn’t by my side, I don’t think I’d be able to take it.
Mrs. Mizushiro was really on the mark.
She sure was.
Just like she said, Yugao is a master of using people’s fears against them.
Right now, I am in the iron grip of terror.
(END)
Having gotten on her bad side in a bad way, my days are spent under constant surveillance.
......
Her eyes and ears are always around me, looking for openings to deal out punishment.
Yugao does not strike at me directly.
She leaves that to her underlings, the SST.
The SST employs a lot more people than I’d thought.
......
There are the usual security guards, of course, but also those hidden in buildings, keeping suspicious watch over the prisoners.
Nowhere is free of their eyes.
H-Hey, are... are you okay?
I’m fine. Couldn’t be finer.
This just in, this just in! Exhibitiman pissed himself doing a hundred-meter dash on the yard! We’re calling him Pissain Bolt from tomorrow!
......
......
H-He’s still stuck on pissing himself...
They make their presence known everywhere and anywhere, keeping me on edge.
......
Their silent, omnipresent pressure grinds me down.
S-So, w-what kind of book are you looking f-for?
One on piss and human anatomy.
......
H-He’s still stuck on pissing himself...
For the first time in my life, I realize how violent the eyes of others can be.
Their presence runs me ragged in body and mind.
......
I don’t know what they’ll do to me if I go anywhere secluded, so I haven’t been able to go to the bathroom.
Y-You look really pale. You... okay?
I’m holding in piss.
......
T-That’s how much he’s stuck on it...?
There is simply nowhere I can rest.
Sometimes they come at me with simple, direct violence the second they see an opening.
The stages of their sadistic show are always quiet corners of the prison, with no inmates or guards around.
......
The first time was on the way back from organizing the storeroom—something I was ordered to do out of the blue.
I manage to escape their grasp here and there, but in the end, I’m usually caught.
You were told you would be hurt if you kept associating yourself with that girl.
You’re going to keep being friends with these fists if you don’t get away from her.
It’s times like these I truly remember that I am a prisoner.
Yugao is enjoying my punishment.
Heh. I’m sure all those bandages must make consoling yourself on lonely nights a hard ask.
She looks at me like one would observe a rat in a cage, crawling in pain as it nurses a broken leg.
Your left hand does look a touch lonely, though.
She would appear before me out of nowhere before leaving an unsettling, veiled threat in her wake.
......
She’s likely trying to squeeze who I’m working for out of me.
I decide to avoid using the duct route for now.
I really miss Dr. Higuchi.
What’s up, Shuichiro? You’ve barely touched your food.
It feels like it just won’t go down.
Seriously? It’s fish, man, your favorite. I mean, boiled, yeah, but...
Today’s menu is boiled fish, eggplant, mincemeat, and a mandarin orange for dessert.
I had a bit of the mandarin, but nothing else went down.
Sorry. I know you worked hard to make it.
It’s not like I’m the only cook in there, but... hey, man, you seem real drained.
My reflection in the mirror looks a little thinner.
You’re gonna get sick if you just drink water and don’t eat. At least get some wheat rice down, man.
This fruit’s all I can take for now.
I’ve lost a lot of weight too.
The stamina I’ve lost has started to impede my daily life.
By now, getting up to go to the bathroom is too difficult.
Still, there’s no fighting biology. Drinking all this water has its natural consequences.
Number 0720, explain what you’re doing.
I’m peeing, ma’am.
......
......
While... lying down?
I’m peeing into the toilet a few meters away while lying down.
Amatsu’s training has helped me hone my long-range urination accuracy over the past few days.
Simo Hay-Hay’s advice has been huge too.
I’ve caught wind of your situation, myself. It looks like Captain Yugao is really putting the squeeze on you.
She is.
I hear you wet yourself like a whimpering little baby too.
Now we’re pantswetting friends, ma’am.
......
......
I only did it once.
Our volume of pants-pissing is too different to be friends.
How long are you planning on subjecting me to this disgusting display? Finish your pee already.
Sorry.
I empty my bladder and place Amatsu back into his sheath, my prison uniform.
Am I getting punished?
Well, there... isn’t there any rule against peeing while lying down? I’ll allow it if you don’t get any on the floor.
Thank you, ma’am.
Then, she grasps the bars and whispers at a level I can barely hear.
Oh. I hear you did a lot to help when I passed out.
That was mostly Ozawa.
I’m not going to thank you since the fault lies with you. I can’t take away points another captain added to your score, either.
That’s not what I was after.
......
Tell me. Why exactly are you involving yourself with
......?
She doesn’t sound like she’s talking about Chisato.
I’m not sure who she’s getting at.
As long as you’re around
I feel a strong hatred in her voice.
You look terribly pale.
I’ve gotten to a point where even Warden Mizushiro is worried about my health.
I’m fine.
You look like you’re holding... er, nothing.
......
To fight Yugao means to fight the entire SST.
I have to wonder, though. Why does Yugao have so much power?
I will have to explain the organization of prisons to you, then.
Though admittedly, this is hardly something prisoners need to know.
She pulls out a chart and explains in a digestible way.
Correctional officers have ranks and are promoted in accordance to their years worked and certifications earned.
A normal prison is led by a warden—myself, in this case—whose other titles include ‘Correctional Superintendent’.
Under the warden are the Departments of General Affairs, Correctional Treatment, and Medical Affairs. These handle bookkeeping, prisoner oversight, and health care, respectively.
Within the Department of Correctional Treatment are two divisions: the Treatment Division, which manages inmates’ day-to-day, and the Planning Division, in charge of education and evaluation.
Each division is led by a captain—essentially its supervising manager—who also serves as a deputy warden.
Come to think of it, I vaguely remember Sofurin introducing herself with a title like that when I first got here.
But there are three captains, ma’am.
That is what is special about this prison.
Because Tulip Prison has such a particular location, we cannot turn to the police in case of need.
That is why an additional division was established within the Department of Correctional Treatment: the Special Security Division.
Therefore we have three head correctional officers of their respective divisions: Captain Shikolenko of Treatment, Captain Agatsuma of Planning, and Captain Yugao of Special Security.
The three of them manage their respective wards too.
That’s why to us inmates those three look like the pillars that hold the whole prison up.
Her division controls the forces of an external security company, meant to keep our officers safe from any and all harm.
Since tense situations require the swift decisions of those at the site of conflict, she holds full power over the unit... and has the great authority that comes with it.
She is also the head of the Department of Correctional Treatment, making it hard for the other captains to oppose her.
Our personnel, however, is lacking, and they cannot be said to command many subordinates. Their workloads and responsibilities are immense, and they have the power that follows.
Not to mention a significantly higher salary.
She tells me that she does not have direct control over the SST even as the warden.
Not when Yugao has the authority to command them on-site.
Did you need help?
No, ma’am. I’m fine.
She worries about me, but she does not tell me to stop.
This is a test for the guards, after all.
Then I will look forward to the fruits of your labor. Time... will tell me all I need to know.
To the warden, the safety of Prisoner 0720 means little.
However, a surprising figure appears to offer me her... temporary assistance.
How about we give the poor boy a break, dears?
The captain of the Sex Crimes Ward, Julia Agatsuma.
The conduct of this operation is simply the result of following orders. Do you have the authority to overturn them, Captain Agatsuma?
Ahaha, you’re mumbling so much I can’t understand what you’re saying at all.
......
The girl who’s always popping up and disappearing like a ninja scowls.
The security team is under the direct control of Captain Yugao, and we are under her strict orders. We are not at liberty to follow the orders of any others.
This isn’t an order, dear, but a request.
Sister Julia sounds like she’s chatting over tea.
Well, I suppose you were brought up on that little island... Maybe you can’t help having your head be all stiff like a pecker, ahaha.
Gh...
......
Mashiro.
This is a problem of procedure. As a member of an organization, I can’t accept a demand that hasn’t gone through proper channels.
Oh, don’t you worry. Dear Hazuki and I are close friends, you see.
And if you’re too terrible, well, you just might find it...
...that the other prisoners might decide to stop listening to you.
The short SST member pulls at Commander Ohtabe’s collar.
Commander...
Understood. We’ll go.
With that, the two disappear in silence.
It’s only me and Sister Julia now.
Thanks for that.
Goodness, me. Why, I simply did what any other correctional officer would.
I’m going to have to fight her eventually.
I need to be cautious around her.
Since you’re a good enough boy to say proper thanks, you get this.
What’s this paper, ma’am?
An indulgence.
......
......
An indulgence?
If you pull this out, any guard who isn’t dear Hazuki will forgive a transgression of yours. Only one, though.
I have no idea what is going through her head.
Well, may your life in our prison be a blessed one. Ahaha...
(END)
Sounds like you’ve really stepped in it, friend.
Mr. Kugitani moves his piece forward on the kind of board game you’d see in a prison movie.
Can’t get one over the information broker.
I move my piece to the right on the kind of board game you’d see in a prison movie.
You don’t need to be a prison gossip hub to know how rough you’ve got it.
By the way, neither of us knows the rules.
They seem to think they’re doing it where no one’s looking.
There’s nowhere no one is looking. Even the dimmest of inmates are talking about it now.
Is that why Crappymori was laughing at me?
Pfff! Ghehe! C-Crap, I can’t stop laughing...
......
Look at you, bullied so hard you pissed yourself! Little pissant kid! Piss Merlion! You can never pee normally again!
No one likes her, so I figured no one had clued her in.
The prison’s a small world. Word travels fast, and it doesn’t take long for everyone to know whatever gossip’s going around.
Glad to hear.
What for? Rook, check.
Bishop, block. You can go ahead and spread it as loudly as you want, Mr. Kugitani.
Come on, now, do I look like someone that lacking in class?
Doing that will help a lot.
Confused, Mr. Kugitani puts a piece on the homemade board game you’d see in a prison movie.
Still, anyone would laugh after seeing that face on you, not just brown-nosers. You don’t always see prisoners you get beaten that bad.
I’ve been hit so much the swelling is really taking its time going down.
Everyone’s talking about it out of self-preservation. ‘Why’d that happen to him?’ ‘How can I make sure it doesn’t happen to me?’ No one wants the trouble.
So they’re using me as a reference, huh?
They’ll probably throw together a textbook before long.
I’d be happy to give lectures.
Now, I do think I warned you about messing with the Calabash Bitch. Not something or someone you can take a bite out of without boiling and sweetening.
I’ll be fine.
I bet your score shot up too. What’s it at now?
Should be 0.221.
You’re kidding me, that’s twenty-two years! And all you did was pull your cock out on the road?
I am innocent too.
Do you really want to spend your life in here?
It’s not that I particularly want to spend my life in here.
If I can make my game, I don’t care about what comes next.
It isn’t like there’s anything I want to do in particular outside.
On the other hand, there 
Game dev. I can’t so much as think about anything else.
Someone’s living in the moment. Just what is this game of yours that’s got you under its spell?
I give him a simple summary of the plot.
And that’s basically how it goes.
Oh... Well, I’m not going to pretend I understand. That’s beyond a codger with one foot in the grave like me.
It’s going to turn out great, so I want you to play it.
Haha, sure. I’ll give it a play sometime when it’s done.
I’ll get it done. I swear it.
I mean, I’ll be here for years. Decades.
It’ll get done eventually.
Talking of sentences, Mr. Kugitani, have you been in long?
Who, me? About ten years here. Counting my time in the other prison, it’s got to be decades, at least.
Your term hasn’t gotten shorter even though you’re a model prisoner? That’s weird.
He does his job well, and the guards trust him.
Shouldn’t someone like him see his criminality coefficient drop? Shouldn’t he get out when it hits zero?
Well, me, I’ve got a long sentence to begin with, but you know my line of work. Whenever there’s a body or cell search, sometimes you’ll get a snitch or two.
They find illegal goods every now and then, my score goes up, and I get a few more weeks and months and years of prison life. Make sense?
If the offending prisoner talks, the guards will find the supply route.
Really, I’m amazed he can keep finding routes to keep his job.
I’m the kind who doesn’t mind not getting out, really. Got no one on the outside, and who’s going to hire an old ex-con?
I think you’d have plenty of opportunities.
Haha, too kind. Either way, there’s nothing I want to do on the outside.
Mr. Kugitani slowly lets out a puff of smoke.
We watch quietly as it floats into the air.
According to the Chief and Kurebayashi, Chisato is really quiet. Too quiet to make out what she’s saying.
When you want to speak clearly and loudly, imagine you’re speaking right from the womb.
They hold that only communication problems will await if nothing is done.
Ahh, ahh, I’m cumming. This creampie is making me cum. It’s the age of discovery in my womb with all the semen piling in.
And it must be the opposite day, baby, the way you’re putting the gold in me. I’m calling you Christopher Cock-cumbus.
Pussy.
You sound like a great narrator.
G-Great for a morning commute.
The two have elected to coach her.
I had no idea you were this good at performance stuff, Kurebayashi.
I dropped out of Shichigahama, a famous music school. This is nothing.
We’ve got a person here whose job is yelling too.
Leave the bellowing to me.
All right, Miss Gloomy, repeat after her with pep.
Aye.
You motherfucker!
M-Motherfugger!
You FUCKING with me?!
Y-You fugging w-with me?!
You want me to cut you!?
Y-You, want me to butt you...?!
This is more cute than scary.
You want your butt fugged, buster?
A good yakuza shout isn’t just about your voice but your movements.
Your voice and body are pretty tightly connected, so try.
Hatae Clan, open the fuck up!
Nnngh!
Pffffft!
That’s the loudest you’ve been today.
Kff, hkk!
Sorry, kid, but you mind banging on the door a bit?
......
Yeesh. We’ve been at this for days with no improvement. I mean, this is the kind of thing it takes two days to pull off.
Which means it’s about time we go for shock therapy, yeah?
The two often squabble over Chisato’s educational direction.
There was this guy, they called him the biggest don ’round the Seto Inland Sea area, and I got him singing like you wouldn’t believe...
Like I’ve been saying, this is a mindset problem. If we ban her from sleeping until she can pull it off while restricting meals and later water...
Their suggestions are generally ethically questionable and of dubious safety.
Look, little miss, you’re going to want to listen to your elders.
Sounds like I’m the one to listen to, then.
I decide to avoid battles I have no hope of winning.
Instead of fighting, how about we settle this with Uno?
Okay, let’s make our ages with these and reveal ’em all at once.
......
Okay, on three. One, two...
O-One...
......
......
......
......
I’m... the youngest.
Wait, I’m the second youngest?
Then... me...?
......
I’m... the oldest...?
The shocking truth is revealed.
T-The shortest... a-and the f-flattest, but... the oldest...?
......
......
......
Even though none of us are the type to pay much attention to others, we have to exchange looks.
I just... l-let the years pass me by... W-What has my life even been...?
Chisato herself is direly shocked.
Hey, you know, it’s nothin’ to worry about. I mean, I shout the ears off of tattooed fifty-year-olds all the time.
Yeah, and your mental age and actual age don’t always match up, so...
Cheer up.
......
I want a hole to crawl into...
She does not cheer up in the slightest.
How about a walk or something? Change of pace.
Sounds like a good idea. More practice today probably won’t get us anywhere.
There are plenty of people to learn how to shout from in this prison too.
STOP RIGHT THERE!
Earsplitting from the get-go.
Feels like she’s got a quota to meet.
Why’re you jerking it in the middle of the hall?!
Sorry, I just got too into looking at your feet...!
Into?
C-Concentrated?
Into?!
I thought she’d definitely react.
Going in where?!
Could be the mouth.
It’s a plus if they don’t slack on foreplay.
I can’t believe you can capture so much meaning in one word! You S-class sickos!
I hear she’s a nepo baby. Got in as an officer on connections.
Yeah, I can see her needing the network of the century to keep her job.
An information super-highway officer.
Real 5G hours...
You goddamn moron!
I like that little thing you do.
......?
Yeah, that thing you always say, little miss.
......
It’s pretty cute. I like it too.
......!
Chisato’s slender eyes blink again and again.
Eheh, eheheh...
She seems really happy.
I-I do like... c-compliments, eheh, eheh...
She’s just as happy when we get back to the classroom.
She looks like the type that grows when praised.
Then let’s drown her in compliments.
It sounds a little dangerous when you say it, Chief.
HEY, WOMAN!
Eep!
Look at you, working hard as hell on what you’re bad at! Boss is real proud of you, baby girl.
That tone’s straight out of a porn fic.
My men always love it when I praise ’em like this.
I kind of like it too.
Whhh... snff... ghhk...
Wow. When your eyes are huge, your tears are pretty big too.
Don’t you have any nicer observations?
......
Okay, maybe I was feeling a little off. There, there...
Seeing just how much the Chief’s shout scares her, I figure that Chisato is fundamentally lacking in confidence.
Snff... sb...
Chief, you’re probably lacking in... love.
Yeah? Then what am I supposed to do?
There’s only one thing to do. This.
......
As long as you accept all the effort she’s putting in... you don’t need anything else.
......
Chisato, I know you can do it. I believe in you.
......
We don’t need words.
Everything’s going to be okay.
You’re still talking. Like, a lot.
She trembles a little in my arms.
Is someone...
...cherishing, me?
T-This is... This is really nice... It... It feels like I’m needed... Eheh, eheheh, eheh...
She’s mumbling something to herself.
I-I’ll... I’ll w-work hard. P-Practice is... is important s-stuff.
I can feel Chisato’s bursting motivation.
Love really is the key.
I keep getting proven right.
Well, you’re still going to need practice, but... counting on you, little miss.
Yeah. Everything is riding on your ability to be an actress, after all.
I expect great things, Chisato.
Y-Yeah!
She smiles, looking pleased.
Eh, heh... heh...
Serves me right...!
We finally get to see her put on a real smile.
(END)
