Voice practice isn’t the only thing we’ve been keeping up with daily.
I’ve been doing my physical training too.
You’re still weak, scrawny, and green, but I bet you feel a bit tougher, huh?
Big thanks, Chief.
Think it might be time to hurry into the next level of training.
It’s time to learn a super move?!
A real-deal fistfight.
......
Reps alone ain’t gonna teach you the ins and outs of an actual fight. The fastest way for that is to actually throw down.
Anyway, I’ve talked to who I gotta talk to. You know where to go.
With that, I go on a training pilgrimage.
It’s cool. Like I’m a martial artist, I think to myself.
So why do I gotta come with you, man?
I have Ozawa accompany me.
I don’t like meeting new people.
Oh. Yeah. Forgot you were a shy guy.
He’s really nice, joining me like this.
Whoa. So this is the boxing club, huh? Never seen it before.
Me neither.
Club activities are included in the prison’s rehabilitation program.
They’re mostly centered around getting certifications for after your release, but some focus on physical activity and seek a healthy body that will house a healthy mind.
There’s no actual ring, but it’s a community of people to enjoy pretend boxing with.
This place is a lot more laid back than I thought. Figured it’d be more on edge, you know?
Ozawa, shh.
......! I thought I heard someone edging... Am I just imagining things...?
Shit, that was close.
It also looks like prisoners can only trade blows with the resident guard watching.
The gloves are heavy practice pairs, and the provided headgear looks to prevent injury well enough.
Oh-hoh, not bad for a pampered civvie who’s never been in a scrap in his life.
Really?
Yeah, no bullshit. Those are some real punches.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
The grunting, though. The grunting.
I put on some gloves and throw punches just like the Chief taught me.
Whew! Damn, kinda beat, man. Been barely gettin’ any exercise lately... Lemme rest a sec!
I’ll look for another partner.
The Chief told me to throw hands with as many people as I could.
I look around for anyone who looks unoccupied.
How about a bout with me?
Standing before me is a woman built like an oak tree.
I could use the exercise... You don’t mind, do you?
It’s Commander Ohtabe of the SST.
Yugao’s right hand and the de facto number two of the prison.
Ahh, sorry, sorry, I’m feelin’ right as rain already! I feel real bad, but do you mind findin’ someone else?
I don’t mind.
S-Shuichiro?!
It’s clear that she approached me with something in mind.
She’s not the only one with something in mind.
This works for me.
I don’t need headgear, but you’d better put a set on.
I can go without. If we’re dropping the gear, let’s drop the gloves too.
And why’s that?
Because they’ll get in the way of beating you down.
I don’t mince words.
The mood completely shifts.
O-Okay, now things are on edge...
No edging in the gym! Commander Ohtabe...
I-I’m in charge here, and I don’t remember approving any fistfights with the prisoners!
Captain Yugao’s orders.
That’s all it takes to shut Officer Yamagishi up entirely.
The invisible hierarchy between them is clear.
You... idiot child. You don’t even know how weak you are, and you’re being this reckless?
Bring it on. Let’s see how you deal with someone you aren’t pushing down from behind!
I step in swinging before the gong can ring.
Commander Ohtabe doesn’t have her eyes on the prize, so she only barely blocks my blow.
Not half-bad footwork.
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
The grunting, though, kid. The grunting.
I hold my breath and keep dishing out blows.
Tactic one: unleash a breathless, unrelenting combo. Give your opponent no chance to counterattack.
I employ the Chief’s teachings to the letter, and it earns me the advantage.
Hnh!
The next moment, there’s a fist buried in my face.
My vision blanks out like a computer monitor going full white.
......?
Shuichiro! Look behind you, man!
This is the first fistfight I’ve ever been in.
Hn! Hah! Hngh!
My face is swollen and most of my vision is gone.
Then, I hear a loud, earth-shaking sound.
The next instant, I’m blown away by an iron-like shoulder.
It’s always going to end like this.
She’s holding me down from behind like she always does.
Hey, that’s a grapple! There’s no grappling in boxing!
I warned you so much, but you just keep on resisting.
She speaks into my ear. Her voice is quiet, yet has the force of a quake.
I don’t know what your angle is, but I’m asking you. Stop getting in her way.
Because if you don’t, I’ll have to kill you.
In the face of overwhelming violence, nothing else has any meaning.
Quit talking big. You don’t have the guts to off me!
Commander Ohtabe, however, isn’t as smart as Yugao.
I could do it. If someone stood in my way, I could rub them out without a second of hesitation.
She’s not fully mentally developed and has some instability to her.
But you can’t. I guess that’s as far as that loyalty of yours goes.
You’re nothing but talk.
That’s what I exploit.
All you want in life is someone to give you orders. Classic lapdog behavior.
......
She does not take the bait.
I’m a thorn in your precious master’s side, but because you can’t even think for yourself, you can’t take me out.
Hey, come on, that’s enough! This isn’t punishment. This is just torture!
If you can’t go all the way, then don’t fucking lecture me!
The hands binding me start to tighten and tense.
Dislocating your joint can make it recurrent, so I’ll let you off this time.
I’ll spare you the joint... but break a bone.
She sounds like she’s describing routine labor.
Wait, you can’t apply that much force!
This should stop you from stepping out of line again.
He might piss himself!
Still, there’s a hint of hesitation in her normally calm voice.
Savor this pain and never forget it.
Ghhhk...!
I wake up in a bed in the medical ward.
I know this isn’t the best thing to say to a patient who’s just woken up, but...
I look at my right arm. It’s three times the normal size with bandages.
I don’t think I’ve seen an arm broken that cleanly before.
You really did it this time, Mr. Troublemaker! Lieutenant Troublemaker! Commander Troublemaker!
A hot, muted, and dull pain hits my arm in long intervals.
But you’re young, so it shouldn’t take too long to heal up! Just promise me to get plenty of bed rest, okay? And I mean plenty of it!
Got it.
I’ve put you in a cast, so—oh, listen, no touching even if it itches, all right? Make sure yer around me when washin’ the thing, and no bathing, got it?
Good thing it wasn’t your leg too. Broken leg makes life hard like you wouldn’t believe.
Dr. Higuchi is very kind.
I didn’t wet myself, did I?
Huh? Oh, uh, hm, I’m not sure I... remember...?
So I... So I did.
It’s not like doctors can do, you know, everything. There’s plenty of stuff even, you know, we don’t know.
......
When I think about how I’m naked, it all comes together.
I’m... erect.
While unconscious, no less. You really let me know your passion for being naked, huh?
I’ve always naturally gone hard whenever I’m naked. I wonder why?
Maybe you’ve got your cause and effect mixed up? You just happened to be naked when erect, so that conditioned the idea that erection equals naked onto your body. Something like that.
Conditioned?
Yeah. You could call it... Pavlov’s Boner.
......
Pavlov’s Boner.
Dr. Higuchi really does know everything, I think to myself.
Himeru carried you in here in a real tizzy. It harmed more than helped with how much she ended up shaking you, but still, I was surprised.
Huh, she did?
The other prisoners who were there... like that Shoya Ozawa, they were all really worried about you, she told me.
Ozawa’s a good guy.
There were at least fifteen prisoners there.
You would’ve gotten slammed with a workplace safety violation if this happened during a shift, so I guess that’s the silver... Bronze? Lining.
Sounds like it.
I mean, it would really have been lucky if he hadn’t gotten hurt, but...
I figure that word will travel fast, then.
I finally managed to get to your office.
Oh, right. Couldn’t use the duct route since you were being watched, huh?
They won’t be watching me for much longer.
Well, glad to hear that. Heck, I was worried you’d started hating me.
I could do no such thing.
She’s the woman I like the most next to my sister right now.
Goodness, me! When’d you become such a charmer?
I’m growing every day.
That so! Well, since you’re so admirable, how about I give you a little reward? Here you go!
She gives me a hug once I put my clothes on.
Just like before, she smells like my sister.
Been a while since we did this, huh? How’s it feel?
My arm hurts.
Oh, sorry, I forgot.
She quickly pulls away.
She could have hugged me a little longer, I think to myself.
There’s actually something I want you to help me with, Dr. Higuchi.
Oh? Now whatever would that be?
I tell her what I need.
She looks as baffled as I expected her to.
Y-Yeah? Huh? Getting found out would cost me my medical license... or, well, make me a criminal.
We’ll take care of you if that happens.
Hahaha! Not half bad—I guess I’ll just end up sleeping somewhere different!
Since Dr. Higuchi strives to treat everyone equally, I didn’t think she would agree to help.
I kind of feel bad for the warden.
All right, all right! We’ve seen each other’s crotches, and I can’t think the prison’s in a good place one way or another, so I’ll help out.
Big thanks.
Now, I hate to ask this in return, but there’s something I want you to do for me.
I accept.
Anything Dr. Higuchi wants, I want to give her.
Well, let’s talk when you finish this up, okay? Now, time for the usual. Where’s the candy?
Dr. Higuchi always loses this game.
I leave her office, tasting the usual sweetness on my right cheek.
I’ve been a fair doctor on the straight and narrow despite it all as long as I can remember, you know...?
But when it comes to him, I just... want to take his side.
Ah, well. It’s not like I’m the most noble doctor around, anyway.
For some reason, I’ve been feeling lighter lately.
I’ve always felt like my legs were caught in the mud.
Like my body was bound by invisible chains of iron, pulling me in every direction.
Fff... haa...
But now, I can breathe my lungs full.
I can tell there’s blood running through my veins. Can tell that my heart is beating.
I know now that I’m not a doll.
Everything is an illusion, it has to be, but for some reason... I can feel the reality.
I’m surprised you can still look so at peace in this pit, rat.
Even so, she still freezes my blood.
He screamed and cried so loud when I tore off his nails, that boy of yours.
The person who’s worked so hard for me, who is so nice to me, is being treated horribly.
I wonder what kind of scream he let out when he broke his arm? A shame I wasn’t there to see it.
I hear of his misery, stated with sadistic glee while sitting in safety.
I do have to wonder what kind of screams he’ll entertain me with next.
She knows all too well that doing so would shock anyone.
That’s why she always comes to let me know. To lay in the finishing blow.
It’s such a shame he has to go through this, all because he decided to involve himself with a rat like you. He did force my hand, though.
Her words worm their way into my body and my mind.
I gave him fair warning, and the little whelp just didn’t listen.
If I didn’t have to listen to this, I wouldn’t.
So no matter how much more he suffers, well, I’m afraid he can’t complain, now, can he?
But I can’t cover my ears.
......
This storm of violence simply isn’t going to stop, no. It’s about to pick up speed.
I’ll make sure you have front-row seats to see the one you hold so dear break. Enjoy the show... Ahaha, hahaha!
Her footsteps and her cane’s staccato fade into the distance.
Then, a new set of footsteps comes in to replace them.
Chisato.
Ah...
I’m here, just as promised. Let’s get going.
We walk through the dark tunnel.
Chisato takes the lead, guiding me through the dark twists and turns.
Y-Your arm.
Yeah.
I-Is it... broken?
Her eye glows a touch.
The right eye she keeps hidden asserts its presence in the darkness.
I-I’m... I’m sorry.
Y-You took it f-for me.
I’m glad it wasn’t your arm that was broken.
Your hands are for writing.
......
I just want us to get back to our game... fast.
Though our time as Team 69 was brief, it was an experience we all shared.
I wasn’t able to feel like I could belong at school, with my family, or in any community in the world. Yet, for some reason, spending time with those three wasn’t painful.
I hope Chisato feels the same way.
I-I...
...f-feel like every day is like... the first sunset I saw. S-So bright, so colorful...
By the time I... I realized it, I was waiting with b-bated breath.
She closes her eyes.
Then, she speaks slowly... and strangely clearly.
The first time I heard the story from you... I wasn’t sure if I could pull it off.
She enunciates like she wants to be clearly understood.
But a lot of people came in to help... It got kind of messy and started changing bit by bit...
And I started to think. Maybe I
So I hope the stories I write can... change a little bit like that.
T-That’s what I think.
Kurebayashi’s training has bore fruit, it looks like.
But, well... I’m still a little worried.
All I do is... make other people uncomfortable. Make them scared.
Until now, I... didn’t belong anywhere but underground here.
That’s why I never liked myself. I... I hated who I was.
B-But if I was underground... n-no one hated me, and I didn’t... have to hate myself.
I-I’m wondering if I could... let that space go.
Can’t you make that place your new home?
Chisato asked what we should do when the standard morality the heroine spoke of and the protagonist’s desires clashed.
I told her we should offer an alternative.
The place where you belong?
So I present her with my alternative.
They locked you deep underground and took away your real name.
I slowly brush aside her bangs, revealing her right eye.
You lost your being in exchange for a sliver of peace.
Her eye glows ever so slightly.
They stole who you are. How about taking it back, here and now?
Because right now, you are here.
And if anyone denies that, you know what you tell them?
I’ll fucking inhume you, baby.
We reach our destination.
You’re... You’re right.
This is where I belong.
She pulls out a switch bound in string.
So I... I don’t need to run away anymore.
With a loud bang, everything is blown away.
(END)
Number 0720 isn’t in his cell?
Natsumi dashes into my room right after I get back to it.
Yes, ma’am. His disappearance was sudden. We found a large hole in the wall after conducting a search. It seems to be connected to the older facilities.
Ah, so that’s how he scurried around the prison and picked up so many contacts... Impressively resourceful for a little pissant.
No matter how much people may swear loyalty to me with their words, I can’t imagine I hold dominion over their hearts.
The only way to truly conquer those loyal in words only is to destroy any and all avenues of escape.
I suppose it shouldn’t surprise me that the rat’s little boyfriend was another rat...
Assuming control over his little rat-tunnel should reveal who’s been giving the boy his orders.
Now for the pressing question—how shall I hurt him this time?
This is bad, Captain Yugao!
What’s wrong, Fushimigawa?
T-There’s a riot going on down in the coal mine! It was started by a prisoner armed with explosives! She’s taken a hostage!
I immediately know the culprit.
There’s only one prisoner allowed free use of explosives underground: that little wench.
Who’s the hostage?
Ma’am, that would be... Number 0720.
I’m stunned for a moment.
Immediately after, I feel a laugh coming on.
Ahaha! I didn’t think you still had emotions like that!
I can’t believe my efforts led to a side product this fun.
Really, it’s a miracle I can stop laughing at all.
Ms. Hazuki, we’ll move in to detain her. You should—
I’m going with you. Carry me, Natsumi.
I adjust my furs and grip my cane.
But, ma’am, underground... there’s not much light...
There’s nothing to worry about as long as the power is running. Besides...
I can’t afford to miss a show like this.
The coal mine has a different air from the Damned Ward.
There’s a cramped stench to it; the sweaty reek of dozens of coal miners.
This girl I’ve never seen her before went and took a hostage! She’s crazy!
I told you to get out of here before you get blown up! Pull back to that passage over there!
Since the mine operates twenty-four hours a day, it’s packed with prisoners even this late.
I push the retreating inmates aside as I put on a headset and relay orders.
Have you secured the breaker?
Yes, ma’am. All clear.
The power going out down here would be most inconvenient for me.
I make sure to have the electricity situation under my control.
Ms. Hazuki, please keep a safe distance.
But of course.
I always make sure to remove every scrap of danger and every possible complication before I make my move.
In the tunnel proper, the SST form a defensive semicircle as they stand on guard.
S-Stay away!
At the center of the commotion is that whelp, as expected.
Y-You can see this, right? It’s dynamite! I only need half to do demo work, so I’ve been saving the leftovers!
She has dynamite strapped around her belly and a detonator in her right hand.
We may have the advantage in numbers, but moving in won’t be easy.
With how narrow the pathways are, taking her back and holding her down is a tall order.
Doing this will get you nowhere. Put the bombs down and get over here!
S-Screw you!
Y-You know what this guy did? He betrayed me!
Gh...
Exactly as I’d predicted.
He said he was my friend, b-but he went and joined my tormentors!
You’ve got it all wrong! I...
The boy wears an expression of pain as sweat rolls down his face.
Constant attacks have worn the poor wretch down. He can’t even shake the girl off of him.
All wrong, my ass! So many people heard you!
I can’t help but laugh. It’s like I’m watching an elementary school play.
Where did you learn how to shout like that, rat?
I... I really, really believed in you!
Heheheh... Ahahaha!
The rat seems confused. Out of sorts.
To think this doll-like little girl still had such emotion.
W-When you... When you hugged me, that was just... just a lie!
I hadn’t thought her love for the boy would have been so strong.
You have to calm down, Chisato!
If she flips the switch now, the only deaths would be the two of them.
Ahh! This whole world is nothing but lies!
A lovers’ suicide from a bad breakup.
That has its own entertaining appeal.
I thought that I was so close... so close to getting my hands on something important! Something meaningful!
And it’s all your fault!
That disgusting eye of hers is looking right through me.
Seems she’s managed to pick me out of the chaos.
Y-You... you ruined everything... Yu...gao...!
This is the first time she’s called me by name.
The fearful eyes of the prisoners watching gather around me.
Goodness. Whatever could you mean?
I do not give her the answer she wants to hear.
T-This is all because of you!
Do I look like the kind of fool who would fall for this brat’s taunts?
If you don’t do what I say, I-I’m bringing this whole tunnel down! Listen to me!
That’s not happening.
It’ll take more than a dynamite belt to get me into negotiations.
I can simply stay where I am safe.
G-Get... Get down here!
No.
Get the fuck down here!
I refuse.
If there’s even the slightest chance of danger, there’s no need to stoop to her level.
I only need to watch her self-destruction from afar.
S-So, you won’t come down, huh...?
That moment of collapse, after all, brings the most pleasure.
Well... that works for me.
Excuse me?
The rat pushes the detonator switch.
I hear a blast from further down the tunnel.
......!
The ground shakes violently moments after, bringing me down on my rear.
Right then.
The lights all go out.
I turn my head away and cough, avoiding the smoke pouring through.
My light-accustomed eyes lose any sense of vision.
Kff, hhkk! My... My cane!
The brat’s detonator wasn’t for the dynamite wrapped around her.
What in the world did she do?
I felt a strong shock in my thigh too. What was that?
Hm...?
The cane in my grasp feels strangely light.
Of course, it does. It’s snapped cleanly in half.
My hand touches some sort of liquid too.
It’s a bit warm.
I feel it spreading, gradually, across my thigh.
Is it...
...blood?
Ah... Ahh, aahhhh!
I hear what sounds like Yugao screaming in the darkness.
I knew it.
I once said that she feared the dark.
That’s why she made sure that some form of light was present wherever she went.
Chisato said it was always bright wherever she’d appear.
How... could there be so much blood...?!
I’d tried to puzzle out why.
I thought perhaps it was because she couldn’t guarantee her safety in the dark.
She has a very rare type of blood.
In other words, if she gets seriously hurt, she won’t be able to easily get a blood transfusion.
Ahhhh, haaa, haaa...!
Which means if somewhere looks a bit unsafe, she’s afraid of it.
She fears something catching her in the dark and making her bleed.
This isn’t funny!
So, I elected to use that for our battle plan.
First, we set off an explosion in the safe part of the mining tunnel.
Sakamogi, what happened to the lights?! Hurry up and flip the breaker!
I just did, ma’am, but the power won’t come back!
That will cause an influx of methane gas from the coal.
The breakers in the mine are set up to automatically turn off when methane gas density exceeds one and a half percent.
Get those lights on! I’m... I’m bleeding out!
The Chief told me something interesting the other day.
It happened when we were talking about “fun” yakuza torture methods.
See, there’s this thing called the nocebo effect.
Think of it like the bad version of a placebo effect. They ran this experiment on a political prisoner, telling him he’d die if he lost a third of his blood.
They blindfolded the guy, put a scalpel up against him, and made him bleed. ’Round when the doc said he was about to lose a third, the guy lost it and died of shock.
But the truth? They stopped the bleeding after the first few drips. The doctor had water dripping down him instead, making him think it was blood running down his skin.
The takeaway is people let their minds run wild, and the consequences are crazy.
Yugao’s cane isn’t actually stabbing into her thigh.
The cane itself is snapped, but the impact she felt at her waist was just a stone thrown by my old friend Mr. Bear.
However, since she knows how rare her blood is, running into this accidental injury has her panicking more than the average person would.
Feeling a sharp impact and touching a warm liquid has made her jump to the conclusion that she is bleeding.
Haa, haa... Where’s the cut? Where’s the slash? Why?! L-Let me hold the vein...!
She has completely lost the calm she normally boasts.
As for what she thinks is blood, well.
......!
It’s my urine.
My piss.
Its strong ammonia smell is handily camouflaged by the coal mine’s ever-present reek of sweat.
W-Why?! I’m applying pressure, but the bleeding won’t stop?!
......!
Why?!
I’ve been practicing my long-range pissing over the past few days.
That’s the whole reason I’ve been peeing lying down in my cell.
The training bore fruit. During intense practice sessions with Amatsu, I discovered that I could keep a small stream going for a long time if I was erect.
Can you keep it up, Shuichiro?!
Yeah, this is what I kept my bladder full for!
The human body excretes approximately one and a half liters of urine a day.
It can go for a maximum of six hundred milliliters in a single piss.
One and a half liters of blood is how much you need to bleed out to die as well.
Ahh, feeling... light-headed...!
......!
I’ve lost too much blood!
Ghhhn!
She’s right. I am the pissant she says I am.
And now, that piss is going to bury her.
......!
The warm urine in its unsightly arc meshes with the heat of the hell we stand in, becoming blazing magma.
Get me light, now!
Funny that they say urine is good for bee stings.
Because I’m going to keep on pissing until the Queen Bee folds.
Quiet, all of you! All officers, get anyone moving out of turn on the floor! Let me through, now!
Natsumi, get over here, right now! Turn on the lights! Come and save me!
I understand, ma’am, but the prisoners are in chaos! I can’t even tell where you are!
Quit your yammering and get over here! Stop being useless!
Where? Where is she?! Get out of my way! Move!
The SST can’t make any moves. Not in an unfamiliar coal mine and not in this pitch-black darkness.
Even worse for them, the tunnel is filled with coal miners scrambling for safety.
Agghh, ahhh! No, not here. Not in this darkness!
My valuable, precious blood is leaking away!
You have to calm down, ma’am! If it’s a small wound, I can administer—
Shut up, you fool! My blood’s not so cheap that I can just borrow some of yours!
Ms. Hazuki, please, you need to keep calm!
You incompetent waste of life, failing me when I need you the most! Why do you think I brought up someone from that degenerate island like you?!
......
You useless sack of shit!
......!
She completely loses her cool and screams in a way I’ve never heard before.
Ahh, haa... No, no, no, I hate the dark. I hate the dark. I need the light. I need the liiiight!
As she wails like a banshee, a quieter apparition steps towards her.
......!
Serves you real right.
Chisato’s glowing eye lets her approach her through the crowd in the darkness with ease.
S-Stay away from me, you wretched child!
You... You took everything from me...
Faced with her one-on-one, she has no choice but to enter negotiations.
And now... you’re going to pay.
If she was willing to go out of her way to check on us and watch us suffer, there was no way she wouldn’t come to see this.
That was Yugao’s fatal mistake.
You’re going... to die with me.
Like hell I will!
She screams on the brink of madness.
I am Hazuki Yugao! I’m too good to die in this trash heap with a roach like you!
As if to resist the gravitational pull of the sheer darkness in Chisato’s right eye...
If you’re going to die, die alone!
I know no one’s ever needed you in your life, and I don’t care! Don’t try to drag me down with you, you resentful little worm!
Yugao lets out an ear-splitting scream.
Die! Die and begone with you!
She’s screaming like a spoiled child.
Just fucking diiiiiiie!
......
Chisato gives her a look of pity.
Then this is what you’ll get.
She slowly pushes the button.
I’ll fucking inhume you, baby.
......!
Everything goes flying.
Almost like it takes her resentment with it.
Okay, no serious injuries. I’d say you’re good.
So says Eriko Higuchi, the prison’s resident physician. It’s been so long since I’ve been to the infirmary.
All that really happened was a bruise on your right thigh. No penetrations, no lacerations, none of that.
There’s not a wound on me.
All that’s on me is a scent. The scent of urine.
......
An explosion happened right before my eyes.
Yet I wasn’t hurt in the slightest.
Besides little scrapes here and there, there’s no lasting, serious damage.
After a brief hesitation, I ask her a question.
And the inmate?
Unfortunately, I don’t see a scenario where she hasn’t passed away.
About twelve hundred milliliters of blood were found at the scene. The most likely explanation would be death by shock after intense bleeding.
Cleaning up the rubble after a blast is no easy task.
The girl would still be in the scattered rocks and boulders.
Though it pains me to do this since we haven’t found the body... I need to ask you to write this up as part of a situational assessment.
Eriko hands me a document.
It reads, “Post-Mortem Report.”
We have cleaned this incident up as having executed an inmate on death row.
Tulip Prison can get away with a lot, but the one thing it can’t do is cover up a death.
I am sure you have heard of the member of the Pervengers who passed away the other day.
If someone ends up inhumed, the proper procedures must be taken.
His criminality coefficient processing procedures were incomplete at the time, but combining his score of 0.5 with hers makes a 1.0.
As such, Mizushiro established a score that didn’t exist.
A number I had denied that rat by locking her away underground for so long.
By moving score from one prisoner to another, we are able to preserve the prison’s overall score while enacting the execution. Though I do admit, it is an aggressive measure.
That will let us answer for the body we sent back to the mainland proper.
The public and state specifically outside will never know the bombing happened.
There
It’s going to take more than that to fully sweep this incident under the rug, though.
Many officers and inmates present at the scene bore witness to your rather... inappropriate statements.
By being assigned a criminality coefficient, Number 1310 made her appearance in Tulip Prison.
Even if no one knows her face, they know of her existence.
The prison is a small world. Word travels fast.
Furthermore, many correctional officers have been skeptical of your conduct of late.
And I gave Number 0720 far harsher punishments than were called for.
This got people talking. Whispering about whether I had gone too far.
After an incident as damaging as this, I’m afraid an official reprimand simply will not be sufficient.
After coming this far, we can’t play dumb and pretend it never happened.
With how much trust you have lost, I can no longer keep you in the position of captain.
I hereby strip you of rank and position as well as remove your authority over the Special Security Team.
Have you anything to say for yourself, Officer Yugao?
No, ma’am... I accept my punishment.
I answer with a quiet, fading voice.
Later, I’m the one to put what remains of her away.
It falls to me, being the only correctional officer with any connection to her.
The funeral is a simple one, lacking a body.
......
The humor in my being the one to bury her is not lost on me.
And so, I fall back down to being a basic officer.
We have new prisoners coming in today. First impressions are everything, Officer Yugao, so let’s really give off a strong one!
Got it.
My job consists of taking care of the inmates and running errands, just like I did back when I first signed on.
Without the authority to control the SST, I’m just a guard with a bad leg.
......
One thing does still bother me, though.
There are two corpses in the prison as we speak.
Welcome to Tulip Prison, scumbags, where we’ll beat the sicko out of you and set you down the right path!
Even if we’ve “dealt with” the bomb incident, her death will remain as an unmoving truth.
Death is the only thing Tulip Prison can’t cover up.
Since there are two fewer prisoners, the truth will get out eventually.
Think of us as your moms from here on out! Now, what’s the first thing you do when you get pushed out of the womb? That’s right, you say ‘wahhh!’ to the world! You over there, give us your name!
Another thing stands out.
Even after that score movement, there are still 0.5 points unaccounted for.
Yes, ma’am!
Where did those points end up?
P-Prisoner Number 0085, Isumi Kurokane!
......
I understand everything.
I know how talented she is with explosives.
L-Looking forward...
She would never use the wrong amount of powder.
Which means the reason I didn’t die in that bombing...
...t-to being in your care!
...is that she never planned on killing me in the first place.
Pff... Haha, ahahaha!
O-Officer Yugao? Is something the matter?
Ahaha, ahahaha!
I can’t help but laugh.
Ahh, I get it now.
So that’s what all this was.
I thought all that hag cared about was her precious research, but right from the start, she... Ahh, of course!
I feel like a complete fool, outplayed and outgunned.
She really pulled one over me, didn’t she.
Yet, strangely, I don’t feel too bad about it.
(END)
The story so far.
Protagonist (temp) was thrust into a series of deathmatches with sickos all over the city.
In convenience stores, in gyms, in cafes, in karaoke joints... 
Yeah, my power’s just to make wind... But lemme tell ya, I cum fast and peek fast, so I can make all the wind I want as fast as I want!
His ability, Tumbleweed, allowed him to conjure up whirlwinds.
Though his ability was weak on the face of it, his street smarts and cunning allowed him to defeat far more powerful PESPers, one after another.
As he fought and defeated his opponents, he came to know them.
Don’t think you’re allowed to die until I get my revenge, Protag (temp)!
Mating Press Man’s daughter, for instance, was one of the most popular girls in school.
With no real goal in life, she saw her coming revenge on Protagonist (temp) as one of her sole joys in life. She was easy to get along with, too.
Heroine One. Her ability, The City, let her stop time.
//Can we give her a name already? (NK)
She was the type to get into whatever her boyfriend was into. 
Don’t you know? I control the voiceless as I please...
//Not too pleased with her voice. Will fix up (IK)
Also, for instance, the gentle shop attendant at the bakery that Protagonist (temp) nicknamed Angel.
Her sweet smile was, however, a façade: she used her PESP to drive off annoying customers and force them to buy leftover bread.
She was a Lustspeaker, able to whisper orders into the “ears” that all things in the universe possess, forcing inanimate objects to move at her will.
Heroine Two, wielder of the telekinetic power Coombrain Marionette Act 2 (CMA2, Coomah Two).
//What’s Act 1? (SS)
//This power to hear her constantly whispering into your ear, binaural style. Like, shit-talking and stuff. (SM) 
//Would not want to get on her bad side (NK)
Ahhh, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! C-Could you let me go? I don’t care what happens to these losers! O-Oh! K-Know what, I’m a virgin? I’ll offer up my virgin pussy!
There was also the rich girl who went to an expensive private school nearby. She was haughty and would always order the protagonist around.
The haughtiness immediately melted away at any hint of danger—she was cowardly and a master of begging for her life, with a special fondness for getting choked out.
Heroine Three, wielder of La Petite Mort, had the ability to separate her spirit from her body to scout ahead or give directions.
//Scumbag (TH)
//She’s based on Crappymori (SM)
//Lmao (NK)
The four of them all ended up hanging out together.
While in regular contact, however, it would be a stretch to call them friends.
I just want to avenge my father, Protag (temp). The only reason I hang around you is to research your power.
I just want... a world without shitty customers...
Someone other than me, raped? How could that elicit an emotional reaction? Who could care?
Each of them had a different goal in mind, and none of them got along particularly well.
Yet, one day, they encountered a murder.
Though bereft of evidence like all the other recent murders, it had the slight scent of PESP to it.
//Making it so that it smells like chestnut flowers when you use PESP (SM)
//Sounds like the city’s REALLY gonna stink (NK)
There could be no question: This was a PESPer serial killer.
Since the group had borne witness to the aftermath, the perpetrator might come after them.
Yeah, whoever did this might try to throw down with us... But listen. If there’s a killer PESPer in this city, we’ve gotta stop them ourselves!
Inspired by the protagonist’s passion, the heroines abandoned their quivering for resolution. They would fight.
From now on, we’re a neighborhood watch, protecting this city: Neighborhood Watch (temp)!
//Neighborhood Watch (temp) the neighborhood watch is kinda goofy to read (IK)
With a shared goal, the group began to get just a little closer.
Now (relatively) above ground, she finds herself in a shockingly different environment.
All right, Tulips, let’s go! Sicko Squad, advance! One, two, one, two!
She was immediately placed in the Serious Offenses Ward.
Her prisoner number is 0085, and she took on the nickname of Bomber.
One, t-two... Wuh... Tw...
Her criminality coefficient is a whopping 0.5.
Life in the Damned Ward is wildly different from that of an average prisoner.
So, prisoners are only allowed to walk on paved paths like these.
Since she doesn’t know what it’s like up here, she’s basically like a fresh prisoner.
They’re always watching through the security cameras and will pop up to punch you the second you’re out of line, so be careful.
Got it, c-careful.
So we have to teach her the ins and outs of living here.
That over there’s where all the workstations are, where all sorts of people go in for their prison jobs.
Wow. T-There’s a bunch more other the coal mine, huh?
It’s a strange feeling, considering how much longer she’s been in prison than I have.
You hold this tray here and stand in line. When they ask A or B, you say A if you work on your feet and B if you work sitting down.
R-Right.
Since she’s spent so much time being quarantined underground, she seems uncomfortable being in crowded places.
T-There’s so many people... W-Was the prison always this full...?
Don’t hesitate. You’ll get cut in line again and again and end up starving. Look the lunch lady straight in the eye and say it. Hell, glare at her.
G-Gr...
She does her best to get used to it, though.
Okay, next! Whaddaya getting’?!
Uh, ah...!
Got it, A! Clean your plate, kid!
I-I actually got it today!
I’m proud of you.
She used to get yelled at for being too quiet when getting her food, but she’s getting pretty used to it.
T-There’s no dust or garbage in the soup! T-There’s no mold on the bread, either!
Once again, life in the Damned Ward is wildly different from that of an average prisoner.
T-This is amazing!
Sure is.
Even the smallest things have her gasping in awe, jumping in surprise, or beaming with joy.
Om, nom, mm... It’s so good! These beans are g-great!
Yeah? Have mine too. All of it.
There’s one other big change.
I’m happy for you, Chisato. Wait, I mean...
She is Chisato no longer.
I’m happy for you, Isumi.
Y-Yeah!
Prisoner 1310 finally got her name back.
Though Isumi lives elsewhere now, she still works as an explosives expert in the mine.
Demolition’s what I live for. I-It just feels so empowering to make things explode... Eheh, heh, heheh...
She’s so full of life when making things blow up.
Hey, Bomber! We got another huge pine rock over here, come blast it for us!
Y-Yeah! On my way!
She’s no longer of the Damned Ward, so she doesn’t have to hide herself anymore.
Since she’s allowed to be present, she’s been gradually building rapport with the coal miners.
Goddamn, her explosions are always so artistic!
Just look at this edge—barren as a hooker’s motivation for the last client of the shift!
Eheh, eheheh, hehe!
The coal miners all seem to have picked up on who Isumi really is.
All right, boys, we’re getting to the end of this hole today! Roll up your sleeves and let’s get to it!
Y-Yeah!
I imagine the reason they haven’t brought it up is out of respect for all the highs and lows of coal mining that they’ve shared together.
Now, while there are nice and friendly prisoners, there are also cruel and mean ones.
S-So you’re Bomber, right? The one who got put into the Serious Offenses Ward recently?
......?
She hasn’t noticed you’ve met before.
Eheh, w-well, here’s a special sprinkling just for newbies! I’ll even put it on for you—a bunch of delicious, nutritious dust on your rice!
To someone who spends her limited time on earth tormenting newbies, the weak-looking Isumi is a perfect target.
Y-You can’t get a new bowl of rice, either, so you’re just going to have to eat it all up.
......
Heh, haha...!
Om.
......?!
Om, nom, nom.
The dust is good?
She... She ate it?! She actually... Ahaha, no fucking way, it was covered in dust and she ate it?!
Better than the underground dust.
G-God, I gotta know what it takes to make her cry! I gotta... gotta test it out, gotta see how far I can go, eheheh!
Hey.
When the bullies come out, it’s time for the Chief to make her appearance.
As a fellow mediator, I’ve gotta tip my hat to your passion in showing the rookies the ropes. Tell me, who’re you sucking up to to get away with this sorry-ass display?
H-Huh? C-Chief, what are you doing here...?
Don’t let that cute face fool you, pal. She’s yakuza. Part of the Hatae Clan.
Y-Yakuza?! Seriously? This girl the other girls in class would bully while the boys ignore her?!
You seem to be fucking with her. Now, from where I’m standing, that sounds a lot like you’re declaring war on the Hatae Clan.
B-But this is just, y-you know, showing a rookie the ropes! Everyone does it! S-She has to learn the hierarchy!
Oh? You really giving Taeka Hatae herself the ABCs on prison rules?
B-But it’s, like, a ritual everyone has to go through! L-Like a coming-of-age thing!
Something everyone has to go through, huh? Well, if that’s the attitude you’re bringing, it sounds to me like the answer is simple.
S-So it’s not my fault! I just did what anyone else would do!
I’m gonna kick your ass!
The dust is good?
I like that.
Snff... mmff... Why does this always happen to... Gguehhh...
Personally, I’ve got some reservations.
Listen, there’s some real nasty characters in here. Haven’t I told you not everyone in here’s as nice as you are?
S-Sorry, Chief...
Since they both live in the Serious Offences Ward, the Chief has been taking care of Isumi a lot.
Here, have a mandarin to wash the dust out of your mouth.
Shlrp, shrlp... Mmm, sho good.
Tch, c’mon, you’re getting juice all over the place... Heheh.
She may be the younger one, but the Chief really feels like the nice older sister in the relationship.
Damn, though, didn’t think we’d end up back here. Never know what’ll happen in life.
The Chief leans back in her chair.
It’s a good deal bigger than her, so her head sinks right into the headrest.
It’s great to be back.
Warden Mizushiro offered me a reward for successfully neutralizing Yugao.
My answer was clear and immediate.
I wanted her to open the computer room to Team 69 again.
You click here to bring up the text editor. That flickering line is where letters pop up when you type.
H... H-E-L-L-O... W-O-R-L-D...
We’re going to have to give you a boot camp in touch typing if you’re going to be working on one of these things.
Her environment, her life... a lot has changed.
But what’s changed the most is Isumi herself.
F-From now on, I’ll be... t-typing on my own!
She presses the enter key with a trembling index finger.
I-I’ve gotta write in the plot changes w-we talked about before... before I forget.
I really appreciate that.
Eheh!
Oh yeah, Ms. Kurebayashi, we’ve gotta check over all the computers in here.
She lets out a triumphant snort as she faces modern technology.
Oh yeah, that was supposed to be one of the conditions for using the room. Okay, let’s start with this piece of junk.
Isumi is far more motivated than before.
Isumi.
W-What is it, Exhibitiman?
I point to myself.
Shuichiro.
......
She freezes up.
Isumi Kurokane.
Isumi Kurokane.
Shuichiro Minato.
......
She freezes up again.
We got a freeze on our hands.
The computer crash?
Just restart it or something.
......
......
Where do I press?
See the button on the front?
I don’t see anything that looks like a button.
So I push her cheek instead.
Ugh.
Oh, we got something!
Working again?
Yep.
Good to hear, good to hear.
Y-Your... name...
My name’s Shuichiro.
I-I know... I know, but...
I want you to call me that.
I’m calling her by her real name.
So I want her to call me by mine, making us stand on even footing.
......
She freezes up again.
Let me push the other side.
I-I didn’t crash! F-Fine, I get it!
She looks down, playing with her bangs.
Quite a bit of time passes.
S-Shu...ichiro.
There we go.
Uhn... eheh...
With that, the first step of Operation First Names is a success.
It’s only one of them, but this is progress.
Hey, quit messing around and start helping out.
How many of these Jurassic-era computers do you think we have to get through?
Oh, s-sorry!
Team 69 gets along a little better than before.
This is probably a result of sharing a goal and having to work together more.
......
Seeing it all, I find myself feeling oddly pleased.
I feel a hot mass of emotion building up from my belly.
Right now... I really feel it.
Hm? What’s up, kid?
I really feel... like giving this my everything.
There’s only one way to describe how I’m feeling.
......
Elated?
Yeah, that’s it.
I’m totally... elevated.
......
......
Y-Yeah!
Hey, at least correct the kid.
Elevated! Elevated!
E-Elevated, elevated!
Turned into a textbook enabler, huh?
My team has smiled and keeps smiling.
It’s almost unbelievable how happy just that makes me.
The first curious thing to catch my attention is how light I have begun to feel.
......
The ability to walk freely without anyone minding me.
The ability to simply breathe in fresh air and exhale without complaint.
For the first time in my life, I realize how wonderful these mundane things are.
I do want to thank him.
How could I, though?
I do what I always do when I want an answer: turn to books.
Plenty of books of various genres are in the education corner.
I pick a book off of the chaotic, disorganized shelf.
Animal Discipline Even A Pedo Can Understand...
......
I mean, technically we’re all animals, right...?
I flip past the preface to get to the substantial table of contents.
It looks like the methods are categorized by type of animal.
......
Definitely a cat.
One can really tell how popular cats are from how long their section is.
I flip to it to see what it says.
Smacking a cat’s butt near the base of the leg... gives them something close to sexual pleasure that they enjoy...
Since a pathetic loser like you can’t even pleasure a little girl like me, maybe a kitten would be more your speed!
......
Shuichiro.
What is it, Isu—
......
Hn...?!
......
......
Eheh.
Mm?!
It looks like he liked it.
Kurebayashi, what just happened?
Dunno. Love, I guess?
Maybe I’ve made it up to him just a little bit.
That wasn’t an... attack...?
No. No, this isn’t nearly enough.
Heheh. Bit too young to grasp the finer matters of the heart, huh, kid?
......?
After all, you saved my life.
I almost can’t imagine myself before I met you.
Eheh.
Now, I’m truly and finally... happy.
I must congratulate you on a job well done.
The warden’s manner is formal, but I feel her satisfaction as she places her elbows on the desk.
I could not have done it without you, ma’am.
No one can make massive, sweeping changes to the total criminality coefficient shared among all prisoners.
What we can do, however, is move said score around.
Namely, move ours.
You really have quite the network.
It was quite the simple task.
I’d thought you were just bluffing.
Keep speaking that smart and I’ll have your front teeth removed.
Those who have fallen into the Damned Ward generally never return to the surface.
So I pulled a little trick to bring her back to life.
The first step was for her to 
In a clear, obvious way with plenty of witnesses.
The guards immediately understood that this would be swept under the rug as an execution.
After all, they know all too well the problems that a death in prison can bring.
To cover up the explosion in the way the guards expected, the warden gave Number 1310 an official criminality coefficient.
The ability to create scores for inmates is a power afforded to the warden by the Ministry of Justice itself.
Inmates with life sentences have scores of 0.99.
Not my tongue?
Taking out the teeth makes it easier to get to the tongue, you see.
Moreover, she hasn’t sent in the post-mortem paperwork yet for Captain Americunt, who really did die of old age.
Moving 0.49 of Isumi’s score to him would leave him with a clean 1.0, allowing the prison to file him as “executed.”
With the remaining 0.5, she would become a bonafide member of Tulip Prison under her new name: Isumi Kurokane.
To those who look only at numbers and totals, nothing has changed.
This is how we brought someone back to the surface from the underworld.
Now, then. Captain Yugao... Ah, forgive me. Officer Yugao was the most powerful figure in Tulip Prison.
Yet, unfortunately, she did not have the abilities I had hoped for.
Hazuki Yugao has been disgraced.
Losing her title as captain, she has fallen back to square one as a mere correctional officer.
I saw her, once.
......
She was walking weakly, dragging her leg. She likely has not found a replacement cane.
It was a sad sight to see.
Worse for her, she reeked of urine when they rescued her from the mine.
People have taken to calling her the Piss Queen since then.
The old folk remedy of putting urine on bee stings probably has something to do with that.
......
As someone who has been mocked the same way, I understand how she feels.
Unfortunately, ma’am?
It is disappointing,
She simply... did not possess the mettle.
Despite her words, her tone is plain.
It doesn’t sound like she’s describing the potential heir she had the highest hopes for.
Do you pity her?
No, not at all.
I don’t think a thing about it.
I don’t feel bad for her, and I don’t think this was a natural conclusion for her, either.
I just did what I had to do for my goal.
I see. Pleased to hear.
She nods, seeming satisfied for some reason.
This was recovered from Officer Yugao’s possession.
She drops a black object on the desk.
It’s my rehabilitation journal.
I checked through its pages. Though I cannot say I understood its contents, I trust it belongs to you?
That’s right, ma’am.
It looks like she doesn’t know about the duct route yet.
I do want it up my sleeve as a trump card.
Journaling is a wonderful thing, one that will surely help with your rehabilitation. Do stop with the scribbles and keep a proper diary instead.
Yes, ma’am.
I take my journal and put it on my lap.
I had expected each of the trials you presented to the captains to take on the order of two years, one at the least.
I had thought the task to be nigh impossible, and yet... you truly surprised me this past month.
Your teachings have been very helpful, ma’am.
You needn’t be so modest. Your efforts were considerable, were they not?
......
Warden Mizushiro surprises me with a gentle smile.
It feels... strange to me.
I did work really hard.
I’ll say you did.
It feels like my heart is warming up.
Two great obstacles stand in the way of the ‘return to order’ you claim to offer the prison: the remaining captains.
There are two captains left.
Julia Agatsuma and Sofiya Shikolenko.
No matter how clean of mind and pure of soul an officer may be, I daresay it should be obvious that any person with a near monopoly on violence presents a grave danger.
Authority to command the SST has moved to Captain Shikolenko.
I trust, then, that you know who needs testing and revision next.
Sofurin is our next target.
She’ll be the subject of our next trial.
Luckily for Kurebayashi, this will get her what she wants.
(END)
Hello? Yeah, it’s been a while. I’m good, how about you? Is your back okay?
Oh, really... Yeah, I’m quite busy this year. I don’t think I can make it for the holidays. Sorry, yeah, I’m really sorry. I promise I’ll be there for New Year’s Eve.
Oh, thank you for the cabbage. Yeah, I made a hotpot with my colleagues... Really? Lots of spinach this year?
No, I don’t need that much... I don’t have a big pot. It’ll go bad.
You sent me a bunch of it already. It’s rich in oxalic acid. It’s good for men’s urethral stones...
Huh? Marriage... Well, it’s not so easy. Yeah, that’s true. Can’t get married without a partner, right?
Yeah, it’s tough, huh...? I know, but without me...
Yeah, yeah... I get it, you want grandchildren, but... don’t rush me. There are things I need to do before I can consider it...
Oh, yeah, well, I’ll call you again. Take care. Yes, yes, yes, sure...
Oh, hey, how long have been here, you naughty boy?!
Dr. Higuchi raises her hands as per usual as I come out of the duct.
Eavesdropping is a bad hobby, you know?
I’ve been arrested for a worse hobby.
Well, that’s true, hahaha.
She rubs my head, laughing slightly.
For some reason, Amatsu is reacting to her change of behavior.
All right... that healed pretty fast, we can take the cast off.
I’m stopping by Dr. Higuchi’s office on my way back from the Warden’s.
I want her to check my injuries.
That feels weird.
Huh? Wasn’t it just in the way?
I used it as a bat to play baseball with Ozawa and Mr. Kugitani.
Oh my! I told you not to do that, naughty boy!
My shoulder dislocated three times!
She shakes my head again.
I quite like that.
Oh, did it hurt? Sorry, sorry, you still feel that in the arm, huh?
I’m okay.
That’s the reason why I’m being cheeky.
I’ve already told you this before, but please be careful... Next time it could be much worse than a fracture!
I’ll do my best.
You mean, ‘I’ll be careful.’ Seriously, you’re the naughtiest kid in the whole prison, you know?
Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like I’ll be able to follow her advice.
There’s still a lot I need to work on.
For the sake of the game, right? Well, I must say, I’m impressed by your bottomless mental strength.
I’ve been allowed to use the computer room this time, see.
I hand her a piece of paper.
I finally managed to transcribe the plan I’ve put together.
What’s this... Pervy ESP Story? Espers fighting in a city, huh?
I wanted to show it to the Doctor. So, I hid it in my ass until now.
The protagonist was originally a thug... I see, this expresses the idea of being an outcast.
Says Dr. Higuchi, talking to herself while reading the paper.
These PESPers with special abilities... I wonder if it’s a metaphor for rarity like for sickos.
The protagonist being awakened by love... is like you awakening to emotions, right?
Deciding to protect the city is probably about acknowledging yourselves... Starting to love the city is like affirming the prison you live in.
The protagonist protecting his mother... that might be a desire for love towards parents who lacked it. It’s craving praise...
I feel uncomfortable, somehow.
It’s like my inner thoughts are being exposed, and frankly, that’s unpleasant.
Oh, sorry, sorry...! You went through the trouble of bringing it, and I said something weird.
It’s okay.
I hadn’t expected to have such feelings towards Dr. Higuchi.
I like her a lot, so I’ll forget this.
Bringing order to the prison... I mean, I do think that this place is weird to begin with.
Looks like Warden Mizushiro is testing people to find a successor.
And her next target is Sonya?
I look at her desk.
That infamous selfie is sitting on it.
Are you against it?
Well, sort of and sort of not...
She crosses her arms and tilts her head.
I don’t think she necessarily needs to be in a position like captain or deputy warden.
Isn’t promotion a good thing?
At that age, not necessarily.
She winks.
I don’t get what she means by that.
My issue is more about the method, I guess.
In some way, whether violently or using similar methods, Sonya will be neutralized. Correct?
Yes.
What happens then?
Command will be transferred to Captain Agatsuma, and things will be a mess again.
I’ve been thinking about it as well.
If the command of the SST slides to someone else every time we defeat a captain...
The same thing will happen when Sofurin is defeated.
But there are ways to neutralize someone
What do you mean?
Can you punch me?
If that’s what you want.
Whoa, whoa, hold on! I don’t want to be punched!
Then I won’t punch you.
That’s what I meant.
If you like your opponent, it’s hard to hurt them.
If you are loved by an enemy, they are no longer an enemy... I guess.
Is that the best approach?
If you can, it’s better, and besides...
It would keep you safe.
In other words, it’s about love.
Can you do that?
If you say so.
If she says so...
I’ll try her way.
Not to brag, but Sofurin hates me.
Hello.
Oh, yeah...
......
......
I...
Twisted sicko...
If that’s how she reacts when I greet her...
...not only love, but simple conversations are out of the question.
......
I need Sofurin to like me.
But I don’t know what kind of person she would like.
So I’ll ask someone of the opposite sex who is close in age.
Well, I like the people I like...?
That makes no sense.
I’m not good with love stories, just hearing them makes me uncomfortable, you know that, right?
Please.
I guess if I
Funny people?
Yeah, someone who makes me laugh and is fun to be around...
Is that so?
But if I’m going to marry them, that might change a bit. It might get tiring to be with someone like that all the time.
Is that so?
Is that so? I think to myself.
Oh, you took off your cast? Tch, I wanted to play baseball... go find yourself a good piece of lumber over there and let’s—
Ozawa.
I’m not going to marry Sofurin.
No shit...?
So I’ll do something funny.
The work’s been piling on ever since that fucking Calabash Bitch got demoted...
And they want me to lead the SST... Why do I have to...?
Captain!
What?
Number 0720 is exposing his genitals.
What the hell?
......
......
What the hell...?
It’s a joke.
It’s an erection!
Nonsense.
What the hell?!
It’s funny, right?
Inappropriate!
She’s not laughing at all, Amatsu.
I did my best to come up with something...
Stop talking to your dick in front of me!!!
She’s angry.
I see that.
You don’t seem to understand how serious this is...! Call the SST!
Sakamogi, over here!
Hold this guy down! He’s talking nonsense!
Nonsense...?
That’s what he said!
What does ‘nonsense’ mean?
Don’t act normal now!
Amatsu, what does nonsense mean?
I told you to stop talking to your dick!!!
Huh, what are you talking about...?
She’s strange...
Ah, I see...
Aaah, talking to this guy makes my head spin...!
Haa, phew... Phew... Phew...!
After that, Sofurin starts hyperventilating.
It’s a psychosomatic symptom... Let’s go home.
Thanks to that, they leave without punishing me.
I fucking hate you...
Now she hates me even more.
My plan was supposed to be perfect...
While journaling, I ask Amatsu...
What happened?
Maybe she doesn’t like funny people.
I failed to consider this possibility.
What should we do?
Let’s think of another plan, Shuichiro!
I try to come up with a new strategy.
But can’t think of one.
Let’s ask Mr. Kugitani.
When I’m in trouble, Dr. Higuchi and Mr. Kugitani always help me.
The atmosphere is rather calm compared to a work day.
It feels a bit warmer than usual in the cold Tulip Prison.
He’s not there...
Yeah.
Mr. Kugitani is not under the tree on the yard.
Instead, a girl is hanging on the parallel bars as usual.
That’s Yomi, the girl Mr. Kugitani dotes on.
Joji’s not here. Never at this time.
Do you know where he is?
I don’t. I take messages if there’s any...
I turn on my heel; this is not something I can talk about with a random girl.
On days off, once you go out of your cell, you can’t go back in until dinnertime.
What should I do now?
I’ll go... meet the others.
Team 69’s members should be free.
The Chief might have some yakuza business to take care of, but if I ask, maybe she could spare me some time.
It’d be fun to gather and talk about the game.
Now I’m pumped to see the others.
I’m in a great mood.
That’s great.
Kurebayashi will be happy to hear that our next target is Sofu...
I reflexively close the door.
......
I open the door slightly.
Speak of the devil...
Kurebayashi and Sofurin are inside.
Sorry I had to trick you into coming here, but if I didn’t, we couldn’t talk properly.
You’re always busy and can’t make time to be with me, right?
I get that you wanted to have a good talk, not a quick chat. That’s why you couldn’t talk to me until now, right?
......
Sofurin doesn’t answer.
She glares somewhere, her face averted.
So, I set this up...! Hehe, no one will come here.
I’ve cleared the area. You see that guard, the one people call ‘Two Grand...’
She lets most things slide if you pay the price. And she’ll also handle things if it’s not too complicated, depending on the offer.
I look around and notice that the rehabilitation center is empty.
I didn’t see it when I came, but there’s a sign saying, “Closed today. Go to the guards’ dorm for inquiries.”
So... you can be honest here!
Kurebayashi smiles, clasping her hands in front of her chest.
I’ve never heard her speak in such a fawning tone before.
......
But still no answer from Sofurin.
I heard from an acquaintance that you’ll be in charge of the SST. Well, that’s also his doing, but...
You’re busy with more work again... Can you even take proper breaks?
......
You won’t last like this...! Come home with me, will you?
No answer.
But Kurebayashi continues her plea.
Let’s live together. I have savings too. I’ve earned a lot of money now that I’ve grown up.
......
I can take care of you. Leave it to me...!
......
Bossing others around doesn’t suit you to begin with.
......
Because you’ve always been gentle, kind, and overflowing with all the compassion of an angel. Yes,
......
I can’t forgive those who take advantage of that kindness...!
......
So, if you come with me...
Sofurin grabs her by the collar.
She lifts Kurebayashi slowly.
......
There’s a big height difference at this point.
She brings Kurebayashi on her toes with one hand.
Hm...?
Yet, Kurebayashi doesn’t seem to realize that she’s being strangled.
She glances around nervously and perplexed.
Haa... gh... I...?
You always... always do this...!
She’s not messing around.
No matter where I run... you... always...!
I can feel her bloodlust in the air.
Shall I just kill you...?!
That’s not just an empty threat.
She looks like she’s about to do it.
Ah... ahaha...
You’re finally... looking at me...
She looks ecstatic.
Haa... you’re so... beautiful...
......
Hn! Ah, wait...!
......
......
She glances over, but ignores me and runs off.
Wait... Hey... please wait...
Don’t... leave... me again...
Kurebayashi murmurs, collapsing on the ground.
(END)
Good evening, Exhibitiman! You’re late!
When I see Kurebayashi the next day, she’s full of energy.
......
Is it still good afternoon? Whatever! We’re finally done checking the equipment, so we can start making that game!
......
Now, shall we get started?!
Her enthusiasm feels out of place.
Kurebayashi...
Yeah, what’s up?
Why are your eyes so wide open like that?
......
......
......
Suddenly, she bursts into tears.
Uh... aah... ahahaa...!
She’s crying waterfalls.
Kurebayashi...!
Ugh... uhhh, snff...!
Amazing...
Wahhh, wahh!
I’ve only seen someone cry like that in anime...
Don’t you have anything else to say?!
Ew, what kind of cliché is this...?!
Chief, Isumi...
Why is she crying like an anime girl...?
That’s what I said.
W-Why are you bawling...?
I explain, briefly.
Haa... Sofurin and Ms. Kurebayashi are...
Apparently, I didn’t hallucinate yesterday.
Lifted by the collar... scary...
She was alone, trying to persuade Sofurin.
But not with her usual intimidation; it felt more like a plea.
Ugh... snff... ahhh...
......
Since she said she wanted her to quit, I thought she hated Sofurin.
She can be strict and sometimes gives out punishments without reason, so it wouldn’t be surprising.
You love Sofurin?
Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it?! It’s only natural...
Apparently, it’s obvious.
What do you like about her?
Well, she has a pretty face...
Face.
And her body...
Body.
The line from her armpits to her waist when she raises her arm is so beautiful, I can’t...
You can’t?
I want to know the quadratic function of her curves...
Quadratic function.
With y=x^2...
Why would you care to know?
I’d get a tattoo...
......
I’d have it engraved on my tombstone...
R.I.P y=x^2...
It’s pretty clear that she likes her a lot.
Sounds like an epitaph you’d find in someone who hates math’s nightmare.
But I don’t think that’s something to get so worked up about.
But... she... wouldn’t listen to me...!
......
Her behavior is blatantly strange.
She always has a cool and unbothered expression. But now, she’s crying like a little girl.
I... ugh, I like her so much that I want to make a calendar...!
That much?
Sofiya Shikolenko, the yearly calendar.
No one needs that.
If we release it as official Tulip Prison merchandise, it will sell like crazy...!
Emotional instability.
What a spectacle...
I’ll show you the
Yeah!
Calm down, Kurebayashi.
Right?!
You’ll attract the guards.
What’s all this noise, you scum?!
She’s already here.
What’s with all the moaning? Did somebody multiply your sensitivity by 6,900 or something?! Well, my
Uh, ugh... uh...!
Why is 0721 crying? Is it a tummy ache?!
She doesn’t have any merch!
Incarnation of evil...
No honor
Why do I feel like I’m the villain...?!
You too! How long are you going to cry like an anime girl? Stop it already!
......
Ew, don’t stop crying so suddenly!
Officer Yamagishi looks disgusted but relieved that she has stopped crying.
You got special permission to use this room from Aunt—I mean, the warden. I won’t complain about that...
However, if you cause trouble again, we’ll revoke that privilege! And we’ll also assign a guard to watch you, so be careful!
I remember Sofurin making a similar face yesterday.
Ugh... haa... snff...
Don’t cry, Kurebayashi.
Waaaaah...!
We’ll make you a calendar someday.
And a Wikipedia page...!
And a Wikipedia page...
What’s Wikipedia...?
Kurebayashi wouldn’t be this upset about a guard disliking her.
It’s like an online encyclopedia that sometimes lies.
Their relationship is not just the average guard-prisoner relationship.
We start piecing our few pieces of information together.
Kurebayashi spent a long time living with Sofurin...
She said, ‘since I was born...’
She also said, ‘come home with me.’
In conclusion...
That means...
Yeah... no doubt.
......
......
Something must’ve happened.
Something outrageous, for sure.
Well, life has its ups and downs, you know. Cheer up... okay?
If this was going to be my life then I wish I’d been born as a flower or grass or something instead...!
That much?
Anyhow...
Come on, your beautiful face is going to waste. Blow your nose with this.
Seeing her like that makes me strangely sad.
Come on, smile...
I want her to have a good time, just like how I felt when Isumi was in trouble.
Snffff...!
I want Kurebayashi to cheer up.
......
For that, I am willing to use any means, no matter how dirty they are.
I’m Sofiya Shikolenko! I go to a school nearby!
My mom is Japanese, and my dad is from overseas. I’m what they call a ‘half.’
I don’t like being teased by boys just because I have different, golden hair.
My parents didn’t listen when I told them that... but that’s fine. I don’t let it get to me.
Because starting today, I’ll be a big sister!
I wonder what kind of baby it’ll be? Well, it doesn’t matter. After all, it’s going to be my little sister!
I have to do my best to be the best sister ever.
I, Sofiya Shikolenko, turn ten today!
I’m the tallest in my class, and the boys have stopped bullying me.
But who cares about that? Family is more important.
Ah, there, there. Are you hungry? I’ll prepare some food, okay?
I come home from school, take care of the kid right away, clean the house, cook dinner, and put her to bed. That’s my role.
I want to play with friends and do extracurricular activities... but Mom and Dad hardly come home.
But I shouldn’t blame them. They’re both so busy with work! I have to help the family!
I’m the big sister, so it’s only natural, right?
I, Sofiya Shikolenko, start junior high today.
My little sister, Noah, has grown up, and we often play outside together.
Noah walked and talked early on; maybe she’s a genius. Am I being too much of a doting sister?
But she has sensitive skin, just like me. She can’t wear regular clothes, so I’m learning how to sew.
It would be nice if, when she grows up, we could go out in matching outfits.
My parents finally came home after a long time and brought a man in a suit with them.
They wanted Noah to take a test, and she didn’t want to, but I persuaded her at Mom’s request.
Even though she doesn’t listen to anything they say, strangely, she always obeys my orders. It’s weird, right?
But I wonder what kind of test that was... They said they’d tell me when the results come out.
Sofiya here. I’m fifteen years old now. The high school entrance exams are approaching. It’s been a quick three years, hasn’t it?
By the way, the test Noah took before was an IQ test for kids.
It seems Noah has a very high IQ, and if she goes abroad, she could skip grades.
It’s not just school stuff—no matter what she does, she does it better than I do, even though I’m older.
Despite being mixed like me, Noah is really popular thanks to her Japanese features.
Ever since we found out, our parents have started coming home more often.
But they are always fighting. They argue about who gets to direct Noah’s upbringing, and it’s a constant source of conflict.
I feel like they see me as a tool to persuade Noah to listen.
When I think about that... my stomach tightens, and I can’t concentrate on studying anymore.
Even though I’m supposed to be her big sister... it’s weird, right?
Sofiya Shikolenko here. I just turned sixteen!
I moved out. I got accepted into the Shichigahama Opera School and moved into the dorm!
That’s a famous school, often called the Julliard of the East. I enrolled in the Costume Department.
I’m good at sewing because I used to sew Noah’s clothes, so I want to become a stage costume designer in the future.
I thought my parents would praise me for getting in, since only one in twenty-five people pass the entrance exams, but it turns out when it comes to me they’re a whole lot less interested.
But that’s okay! I have my own life now, so I just have to work hard!
Except as soon as I joined, I was asked to transfer to the prestigious Opera Department.
I’m tall and half-foreign, so they want me to play male roles. Normally, you’re supposed to have experience in ballet, so it’s an exception.
Giving up on the clothing department is a bit disappointing, but that’s what everyone, including the important people in school and the alumni, want, so it must be better that way, right?
To meet expectations, I joined the kendo club and started working on building my body! My posture is getting better, and I believe it will be useful someday.
I get letters from Noah every three days, but I’ve been slacking off in replying lately. She’s a good girl, so I’m sure she understands.
Anyway, I have a lot to do, so I’ll get to work!
Sofiya Shikolenko here. Just turned eighteen. Almost a real adult, huh...?
I’ve gotten used to life in the opera department! At first, being from the costuming department made me a target for teasing, but I persevered, and here I am.
With more juniors around, I’ll be graduating from high school next year and moving up to the preparatory course.
In two years, I could move up to the main course and stand on that dream stage. Thinking about it gives me even more motivation for my lessons!
I’ve always gotten messages from my parents occasionally, asking me to come back because of Noah, but recently they’ve been a little different.
Apparently, Noah has been repeatedly involved in criminal activities using her computer and has finally been flagged by the police.
Since then, I’ve been returning home every few weeks. When I come back, Noah mysteriously stops her criminal behavior.
It’s hard to keep up with these long lessons in addition to long-distance travel. But I have no choice.
I’m her big sister, after all.
Sofiya here. I’m twenty. Time flies, doesn’t it?
As a second-year student in the preparatory course, I can finally enter the main course next year. The grade where I can step on stage.
Actually, I’ve already been cast in the newcomer’s performance! It’s a supporting but important role that could lead to another.
So from now on, I have to work even harder than before.
Sis...!
Then, Noah appeared.
My sister followed me and came to Shichigahama. She joined the Drama Department and took the top spot in ballet in just six months.
Noah’s mysterious charm quickly made her a hot topic, and she got a role on stage in just half a year.
A trainee has never made it to the stage like this before, so this is an exceptional promotion.
When someone gets promoted, someone else has to go. That someone is me.
I, the older sister, was defeated by my own blood and lost my role.
I thought that at least here, on stage, I was better than my sister.
There’s no place for me here anymore.
My decision to drop out was quickly accepted. Many people tried to stop me, but no one was really going to miss me.
And rightfully so. After all, my superior sister is already here.
Sofiya here. I’m twenty-one now.
I didn’t enter the main course and transferred to a four-year university in my third year. It’s unusual, but not that uncommon.
My current issue is money. My parents got divorced, and I no longer have a home to go back to.
My tuition was covered by my father, but I had to find a place to live and am working part-time jobs tirelessly.
I decided to find a new dream for myself.
Because life isn’t just about the stage! There might be something else that gives me a sense of purpose!
So I took on various jobs, met different people, and aimed to broaden my perspectives.
Hey, Sis...!
Then, I found my sister, standing in front of my apartment.
It took quite a while to find you. That person... our father? Wouldn’t tell me where you live. That’s cruel, right...?
I specifically asked Dad not to tell her, but Noah still found out somehow.
When I asked her about school...
I quit.
Everything in front of me started to go dark.
There’s no reason for me to be there if you’re not!
I knew that talent isn’t necessarily given to the ones who wish for it.
Hey... Sis? Please open up, Sis...!
But I didn’t think life could be this cruel.
After that, my life became miserable.
I gave up on finding a dream. I’m barely managing with a minimum-wage job, and I go to university just to earn credits.
But I have no interest in law, no passion, and the days pass in emptiness.
An acquaintance invited me to join a volunteer program at a non-profit.
It’s a place that helps the social reintegration of delinquent boys and girls. Children traumatized by harsh family environments, trying desperately to rebuild their lives.
That place deeply moved me.
Compared to these kids, my suffering seems insignificant!
I want to work to help these children...!
The flame that had been smoldering within me flared up again.
And so, I proudly became a prison guard.
I want to extend a helping hand to those who have made mistakes and become the person who saves them. I’ll make it happen!
My life, full of setbacks, starts from here.
I want to share my experiences with the inmates.
No matter what happens, if you don’t give up and keep putting in effort...
(END)
