I’m on night duty today.
My friend Slipper Fairy has a cold, so I am filling in for her.
I head to the restroom.
Slrp... Slrp... Slrp...
Sofurin is sucking on her finger.
Infantile regression...?
I’m practicing suction sounds...
I glance around, realizing how close we are to the ward.
No one notices or overhears us.
I was wondering how to make a good sucking sound... using my finger makes quite a nice sound.
Let me hear it.
Sure, but... you’re on duty, right? Don’t just sit down, stand. It’ll be easier to explain that way.
Got it.
Ah, it’s so cold...! I’m freezing...! But I’ve |really| gotta pee.
Slrp... slrp... slrp...!
Ah, that’s great...!
......
Slrp, slrp, slrp, slrp!
Captain Shikolenko has... 0720’s...?
Uh, amazing vacuum effect...!
Popsicle...?
Aah, that’s amazing...!
In her mouth...?
You’re getting better every time...!
Multiple times...?
Put it deeper in!
......
He’s ordering her...?
Captain Shikolenko would never do that... Hallucinating, I must be hallucinating...
How’s that? I’ve improved quite a bit, right?
You were amazing.
Hmph, this is nothing. Don’t think I wasted my time at Shichigahama!
Shichigahama?
An opera school. I dropped out, so it’s not something to brag about, but...
I recall Kurebayashi talking about it.
Maybe that’s where they met.
I’ve got the sucking sounds figured out, but I’m still struggling with the moaning.
The moaning...
I don’t know what pitch to use or where to breathe...
Right...
It would be great if I had samples or something to reference...
......
Hey, you!
A few days later, Kurebayashi bursts in looking ecstatic.
What’s going on?
Look at this, idiot! Ta-da!
She pulls out a surprisingly massive box.
A surprisingly massive box...?
A surprisingly... massive box indeed.
What’s up with this surprisingly massive box?
Listen and be amazed, this surprisingly massive box is... an erotic game pack!
That surprisingly massive box is an erotic video game.
A real one...?!
Yeah! I managed to get one through the shipyard...
This is...!
It cost me a million yen!
That much?
Come to think of it, my sister did mention that adult games are getting more expensive every year.
They’re rich people’s entertainment.
Realizing it’s a luxury item, we start handling it more delicately.
Why would you get such an expensive thing?
Well, you know... for various reasons, it could be useful...
......
Stealing a glimpse at Kurebayashi, Sofurin turns away, looking unamused.
Well then, let’s open it...!
I wanna see, I wanna see...!
All right, here we go.
On the count of three... one, two...
......
......
......
......
There’s only one DVD... inside the box.
Why is the box so ridiculously huge...?
What the hell...?
What on earth is the point of making such a big box for just one disk?
Faced with a literally giant mystery, we ponder deeply.
Is it like, ‘the bigger the better,’ or something?
Same with dicks...
I see, youngsters often say things like that. Like stuffing pearls or whatever.
If you put it that way, I guess it makes sense...
The surprisingly massive box suddenly doesn’t seem so strange.
But this is a DVD, right? Do these computers have drives?
Ah...
There’s something where the CD slot was... Some long, thin rod or something.
Oh yeah, a flash drive. Looks like there’s data on it.
Apparently, in addition to the CD, there’s also a flash drive.
Looks like they know some people don’t have DVD drives on their PCs.
What’s on it?
I don’t know. The guy who bought it for me knows a lot about this, so I asked him to choose. He said he likes sluts and hates pure love.
Seems like it’s about perverts having lots of sex.
Perverts?
Let’s see... ‘The Fiery Seed-Sowing Transfer Student is Back! This time in a prestigious school?! Balance studies and sex while aiming for the top of the academy with the heroines!’
‘The Fiery Seed-Sowing Transfer Student Enrolls in an Elite School!’
I’m kind of curious... and kind of not...
Right?
At least the flash drive makes it quick to install... There, it’s done.
Four girls appear on the display, posed jumping in midair and surrounded by sparkles.
That’s the title screen.
This is great reference material.
A sex scene on the third click?!
Great, reference...
There’s a lot of illustrations where you can see the whole body.
That’s great for reference...!
There’s also looped moaning sounds in the background, so you can take your time to watch.
...Great for reference.
Even Sofurin agrees without thinking.
Having been the one who wanted a sample to refer to, she seems to be finding it very useful.
......
Ah...
Hmph...
......
Kurebayashi keeps smiling, though her shoulders fall.
But I didn’t miss the moment when Sofurin opened her mouth and almost spoke.
......
That’s...
Haa...
Oh my, with such big sighs, you might miss your chance for happiness, even your chance for marriage.
It’s fine, I have no intention of getting married...
Have some of this, it’ll perk you up. Here.
I prefer tea, but I don’t want caffeine at night...
Why are you so tired?
These guys are all over the place... Just watching them is exhausting...
You shouldn’t say things like that. Everyone’s doing their best, right? You too, of course.
Eriko...
There, there, dear, I’m not your mother. Now show me your tummy for the electrode, okay?
Eriko... you’re quite close with Number 0720, right?
Hmm? Well, I try to be friends with all my patients.
No, I mean, you’re soft on him in particular.
Hmm, right... we do have a lot of chances to meet.
Chances to meet?
And what about you, Sonya? Do you dislike him?
Huh? Well, it’s not that I dislike him... It’s just that he’s a prisoner... and there are rules and stuff...
Hmm?
At first, he reminded me of someone, and seeing his face annoyed me, but now...
Now?
Now, he’s annoying regardless of that stuff!
Oh dear...
But, well... I don’t...
Dislike him?
Dislike him...
I see, that’s good, then.
What?
I’m glad!
Ahhhh!
I was worried.
Where did you come from?!
I thought maybe you really hated me.
My chest is exposed right now!
I see that.
Get these things off me, Eriko!
No can do, I’m in the middle of your exam.
Stop acting all high and mighty when you’re only half naked!
That’s what I hate about you, plain and simple!
Pff... haha...!
She hates me again.
I’ll watch my manners.
I apologize for my rudeness, but I’ve come to inquire.
Even your polite attitude is annoying!
Please allow me to ask a few questions. Answer with yes or no.
Why do I have to do that?!
Oh, by the way, I’m monitoring, so if you lie, I’ll catch you instantly.
What?!
First question.
What’s that sound...?
You... like me, don’t you.
No.
Ah!
Why?
The machine said so. Don’t get mad. And don’t lie.
I’m not lying! There’s no way I like you, jerk!
Second question.
That sound isn’t getting any less annoying.
You want the entirety of Team 69 to... call you by your first name.
No.
I don’t want to be called by my first name! It’s too casual!
The machine said it, so I’ll call you by your first name.
Don’t you dare call me by name! If you do, I’ll punish you without any further discussion, got it?!
Yeah, yeah.
You are so irritating...!
Third question.
You hate... Noah Kurebayashi.
Well...
......
Yes...
Again, why is that sound playing?!
Well, it’s a machine...! It’s, uh, making a correct judgment...
Stop laughing!
I knew it, you’re too lenient with this guy! You’d never do this for your other patients...!
Really? Well, maybe I am. Sorry, sorry.
But you know, I’ll admit I was using a soundboard, but I |did| get a reaction on the monitor too...
While we can’t determine whether she’s lying, there is a clear physical reaction.
You could use some mediation... You could rely on Shuichiro for that.
In other words, her negative feelings may not be straightforward.
Do you really hate Kurebayashi?
......
You’re still a kid, so you might not get it... but in this world, not every feeling can be summed up as either love or hatred...
She pulls the electrode pad from her chest, cord and all, and grabs her clothes as she stands up.
Oh, are you leaving already?
You’re both just toying with me...! I’m done. Excuse me!
Goodbye!
See you tomorrow!
She didn’t say that she hates her.
I know!
It’s just as I had imagined.
Back then, it looked for a moment like Sofurin was trying to thank Kurebayashi.
So she must be have felt thankful to her, at least inside, in that moment.
Hey, she’s not a bad person, right?
Indeed.
Surely Sofurin is just being stubborn.
If I give it a little more time, the problem might resolve itself.
I think...
(END)
Seriously, what is |up| with everyone...?!
As my head heats up with anger, I walk noisily, trying to cool it down.
Now even Eriko is teaming up with that sicko and trying to undermine me...!
Technically, I |do| understand it.
I know 0720 isn’t acting with malice.
Whether he was asked to do it or not, he’s trying to fix things...
Between me and Noah.
But I...
The words won’t come out.
The old me would have easily said it without hesitation.
Even the heart monitor probably wouldn’t have shown a blip.
But lately, I think I’m having...
......
Just a little bit every day...
A little bit of fun...
Oh, you’re quite late, aren’t you?
......
I suppress a scream.
Out of the darkness emerges the prison’s one and only correctional nun.
Captain Agatsuma...
I came here just to have a chat and invite you for tea, but... where on earth were you, dear Sofurin?
Captain Agatsuma is over ten centimeters shorter than me.
But she always has that peculiar, intimidating aura.
If it’s about what we discussed before... I believe I already declined. I still hold the command of the security team.
Why? Dear Sofurin, you seem overwhelmed with work right now, don’t you? If so, why not delegate some tasks? That’s what organizations are for, you know?
That makes sense, actually.
I appreciate your concern, but I’ll pass.
However, I feel like I can’t do that.
This is my job.
It’s not just a clear order from Warden Mizushiro.
You’ve been too tense lately. Are you sure you’re okay? Shall we talk in the confessional?
Giving her too much authority would be risky.
I’m fine.
That’s what my intuition tells me.
I |really| hate zealots!
Maybe because she resembles Noah at her worst...
No, that’s not it. She resembles...
I see. Well, that’s quite unfortunate...
She resembles someone else...
There’s no other choice then, is there?
0720, Shuichiro Minato...
Huh...?
Suddenly, a light comes on.
I squint my eyes but reflexively look at the tablet screen.
We’ve been focusing on you, and your conditioning is long since done.
......!
Suddenly, my brain shakes.
Now this is all it takes to make you |mine|, dear Sofurin!
I instantly lose consciousness.
After meeting Team 69 in the inspection room, we head to the rehabilitation center together.
Well, I think we can all agree that the relationship is totally repaired now, right?
I don’t think so.
Hahaha! Sorry for being too close to her!
You’re so energetic...
Yeah...
I’m glad to see that Kurebayashi is lively.
She will be even more energetic once she can communicate normally with Sofurin, I think to myself.
Ex|cuse| me? We can communicate just fine already! Stop projecting your jealousy onto me, imbecile!
Then, just think of me as Sofurin.
How can I associate a shorty like you with Her?
I’m Sofiya.
......
Back then... when I went to a regular girls’ school and kept my yakuza background hidden, I tried to look as plain as I could. I braided my hair and wore thin glasses.
A simple look...
So, I couldn’t make many friends, but there was one girl who had a similar look, how should I put it, an otaku? She often approached me.
A nice girl. What was she like?
To you... I’m Sofiya... cheers!
STOP IT...!
Should I stop?
Don’t stop!!!
She was just like that.
Just like that...?
She would say ‘uhuhu’ quite a lot and spend a lot of time collecting anime character cut-outs in clear files...
Uhuhu...
I wonder how she’s doing... Mariko Uchiro...
That’s a rare name.
Kurebayashi has an intense tendency to jump to conclusions.
Yeah, apparently it’s from Toyama prefecture.
She always gets carried away in front of Sofurin.
However, having overcome this trial, I’ve gained the courage to not be intimidated by her.
She’s completely unaware of herself.
Ah, Sofurin!
Worst possible timing.
I’ll be back!
Kurebayashi dashes.
With a slightly wobbly gait, Sofurin is slowly heading towards the cafeteria.
The rehabilitation center, where we are supposed to meet, is in the opposite direction.
Wait, Sis...!
Kurebayashi calls out to Sofurin with all her might.
But then...
......
Sofurin’s fist lands on Kurebayashi’s face.
......
Her nose is dyed in red.
She collapses on the spot, blood streaming from her nose like a waterfall.
Huh...?
Kurebayashi looks completely bewildered.
We didn’t have time to react.
The Chief barely manages to get in front of Kurebayashi.
Filthy prisoner scum, talking so familiarly to a guard...
Sofurin looks at us, disgusted.
Who the fuck do you think you are...?
However, the way she expresses her frustration seems different from before.
(END)
Since then, Sofurin has been acting, to put it bluntly, completely insane.
Hey, you! What were you doing just now? Answer!
Well, uh, I was just fixing my bra...
Chest rubbing is a serious violation! I’ll add 0.02 to your score!
She suddenly appears and trips people up, handing out punishments for no reason.
Ugh, I worked late... I really need to pee... I might not make it to the toilet in time!
That’s it. I’ll use this bush here... There will be no evidence...
Why, if it isn’t the infamous Piss Sniper!
Simo Ha—?!
Plus, Sofurin can wield the SST as she pleases.
Hey! Why are you going this far...?!
You’re a urination vandal, and even in emergencies, urinating outside the toilet is not allowed!
Just like Yugao before her, not even the smallest infraction can escape her eyes.
Urinating standing up in this sacred prison is absolutely outrageous! I’m adding 0.02 to your score! Security team!
......
Simo Hay-Hay...?!
She carries out violent punishments effortlessly.
As a result, the prisoners’ criminality coefficients keep increasing.
I slipped, and my cheek hit the seat of the gym’s pipe chair, and it was considered a sicko act. I got punished even though saddles are my thing...
I just furrowed my brow, and I got scolded. ‘That’s the face you make when you sniff out slippers,’ she said...
Even things that had gone unpunished before are now mercilessly considered violations.
Violence and punishments are scary, but...
At least I wasn’t beaten up, but still...
My sentence got extended again... How am I gonna tell my mom...?
Prisoners fear nothing more than an extended sentence.
Sometimes, they even mete out punishment to themselves.
A bossy woman like that, you should make her realize that we, men, are strong.
You know, just slip some money around, take her to some deserted warehouse, film it! That should quiet her down.
Women like her make the most delightful sounds when you shove it in.
Hey...!
Eep!
You seem to be hatching quite an amusing scheme, huh? It’s so amusing I might roll around laughing.
We were just talking... We had no intention to...
......!
If you’re serious about it, then I can’t just sit back. Let me show you... the difference between a guard and a prisoner.
I keep telling you, I wasn’t serious...
No backtalk!
Sofurin’s punishments are unhinged.
Ugh, haa... haa...
No backtalk, no backtalk, no backtalk!
Hey! Take this sicko to solitary!
It’s as if she’s completely dominated by violence.
I don’t understand, I don’t understand, I don’t understand, I don’t understand, I don’t understand, I don’t understand, I don’t understand...
Kurebayashi is deeply shocked by her brutality.
She hates me, she hates me, she hates me, she hates me, she hates me, she hates me, she hates me, she hates me, she hates me...
You’re scary...
Well, it’s healthier than it’d be for her to still think the lady loved her after gettin’ her nose broken...
But there’s no way she’d ever hate me!!!!
Unstable.
And unhealthy...
Snff... ugh...
Kurebayashi...
As I pat her shoulder, I can’t help but think...
This is strange... Something’s off since I came here... She... She’s actually a very kind person...
Sofurin might be strict, but she isn’t punitive by nature.
She’s a different person all of a sudden, huh...
Chief.
Hmm?
I wonder if she’s acting that way for a bigger purpose...
I’ll test it out.
I got permission to put up posters from Warden Mizushiro.
I’ve heard that, but...
Posters featuring portraits of illustrious figures throughout history, let’s call it...
R for royalty... R-posters!
R-posters...
......
......
Hm... The name might be a problem, calling them R-rated is disrespectful...!
This is a clear violation, you idiot!
Uh...!
......
What’s with that rebellious attitude?
Criminality coefficient, plus 0.03! Security team!
Ohtabe and Sakamogi. At your service.
Insubordination... shake him up a bit!
Understood...
......
Looks like this isn’t an act.
She got me too. Thought I was pretty street-smart. But nope, got my stuff swiped. To think that I’d get bruised at my age...
We’re matching. It suits you.
Not as much as you.
Holding his cigarette lower than usual, he still can’t resist the nicotine’s charms.
Captain Sofiya Shikolenko’s recent behavior is completely unhinged. It’s irrational, she’s not acting like herself...
In the past, Sofurin mainly relied on score increases and pushups to punish us.
If anything happens, she instantly increases your score, and she doesn’t shy away from physical sanctions.
But now, she resorts to violence immediately.
The sudden surge in this behavior has everyone concerned. That’s why rumors are going around.
What would happen if I were to reach 1.0?
Prisoners fear their sentences being extended.
The only thing more terrifying than this...
Is death.
When death approaches, humans can’t help but feel fear.
That’s why the prison is in chaos.
What happened to Captain Shikolenko...?
People change when they hold power. At least, that’s what the prisoners are gossiping about.
......
Well, that’s true.
This is the worst I’ve seen the prison ever since I first got here.
Calling it a rampage is no exaggeration.
So yeah, things are complicated lately...
Boohoohoo...! You got hit again?! Please stop worrying me like that...!
My sister is always in tears when we talk over the phone.
What should I do?
I don’t know... You’ve always been such a cutie. I can’t understand why anybody would ever hate you...
My sister has been taking care of me since she was discharged from the hospital.
Or rather, it might be more accurate to say that aside from my sister, no one else ever looked after me.
I see.
Yeah, most big sisters find their little brothers and sisters cute. There are exceptions, though.
Like she says, there are exceptions.
My parents didn’t seem to think I was particularly cute.
More importantly, have you decided what you’ll do when you get out of prison?
Not yet.
I answer as I recall my own criminality coefficient.
Mom and Dad... how should I put it...
I get it. They don’t want me to come back home.
I’ve been estranged from my parents for a while now.
They never call, and they never visit.
I’ve been telling them that it’s time to forgive and forget... but you know...
They’re stubborn, and... not the type you can talk things out with.
I can’t repair my family’s relationships.
I no longer have a connection to them.
So, going back home isn’t an option for me.
I have plenty of savings, so if you find something you want to do outside, I’ll give you a lot of money, okay? Boohoohoo...
I want you to use that for your retirement.
There’s no way, boohoo!
My sister, Hinako Minato, is probably listed as my guarantor.
I’ll most likely be in her care once I’m out.
She also says she’d pay for my tuition if I were to go back to school.
I’m curious as to why my sister is willing to do so much for me.
Why?
......
She falls silent, unexpectedly.
When I was hospitalized, you brought me a ton of beautiful flowers... Do you remember that?
I do.
I was still small, and my sister was in middle school or high school.
She was crying about how she hated that every last thing in the hospital was white.
She cried so much that even I got annoyed.
So I went and found some colorful flowers and brought them to her.
Those flowers were beautiful... I was so happy.
And?
That’s it.
I can sense her weak smile through the phone.
Take it as my way to thank you for what you did then.
I leave the center after hanging up the phone.
The atmosphere in the prison is the worst.
Even during break time, I can’t hear people playing catch anymore.
People avoid unnecessary activities to escape Sofurin’s attention.
The only thing going on is gossip.
I go to the garden to escape that atmosphere.
It seems like the Chief has been pretty busy lately, so I’m training on my own.
......?
One flower looks like it’s about to fall.
Come to think of it, over the past few days, the flowerbed has gradually become disheveled.
It feels strange because there hadn’t been a single weed before.
......
Remembering my sister’s words, I level the soil to prevent the flower from falling.
Then, I refocus and begin my training.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
Kazan Shingan Style...?
I see a tall woman standing behind me as I turn around.
She’s wearing the SST’s uniform, but no mask.
......?
Oh... You might not recognize me without this.
It’s Natsumi Ohtabe, Commander of the Special Security Team.
Hello.
Ah, um, hello...
She sounds surprised and bows politely.
I don’t have any particular interest in her, so I continue my training.
Why are you practicing Kazan Shingan Style?
That’s what I was taught.
It shouldn’t be a problem since I am just punching the air while breathing.
......
......
Commander Ohtabe looks at me somewhat nostalgically.
I didn’t think she would engage in conversation unless prompted.
Do you know it?
I practiced it when I was young... I wasn’t very good at it, though.
I see, I think to myself.
......
......
She doesn’t seem to be going anywhere anytime soon, I think to myself.
I guess I’ll humor her and start a conversation.
So, did you train your lung capacity too?
Yeah. They made me wear weights and threw me into the sea and stuff...
Torture? I am skeptical.
That’s how the people who taught me learned... They didn’t use it much but...
Where did you learn?
On... Seiran Island.
Seiran Island?!
......?!
Seiran Island? The one that’s a legend?
I don’t know if it’s a legend, but it’s to the south.
......!
I gulp.
What’s wrong...?
Another one...!
A living witness, I think to myself.
Please have a seat...!
Oh, uh, sure...
Do you want some water?
No, thank you...
Is it true that we can’t enter Seiran Island now?
Yes... there are too many people. It’d be impossible unless you know someone.
I knew it...!
......
Is it really a sicko-friendly island?!
I don’t know if it’s friendly, but perverted acts are allowed on the island...
Even exhibitionism?!
There’s a nudist beach where you can’t go if you’re wearing clothes...
......!!!
I’ve always been told I couldn’t undress in public. It’s the first time I heard about a place where you can’t wear clothes.
What a fantastic place.
Wow! It’s true to the myth...!
......
Wow...!
This unknown southern island must be a wonderful place.
Commander Ohtabe looks at me, puzzled.
Are we... okay?
What do you mean?
We are... I mean, we were enemies...
Is that so?
I’m the one who broke your arm, you know?
I don’t hold grudges. That doesn’t matter anymore.
......
Commander Ohtabe blinks at me repeatedly.
Anyway, tell me more about Seiran Island...!
......
Big please, bro.
I bow deeply.
Okay...
She nods and looks up at the cloudy sky.
She looks like she knows how clear the sky is beyond these clouds.
This happened when I was with something called the FS, on a team called First Squad...
Commander Ohtabe grins.
She said, ‘I thought Seiran Island was a wonderful place...’
I stand up after writing in my diary.
Are you going, Shuichiro?
Of course, Amatsu.
I flip up the poster. Not the R-poster, the one that leads to the duct.
Sofurin is really acting weird lately.
There must be a reason... right?
It doesn’t look like she’s bluffing.
There has to be a reason.
I might find something if I peek into her life.
I head straight for the guards’ dorm.
On the way there...
I hear voices through the worn-out pipe’s cracks.
Turns out there’s a hallway under me.
I can make out figures from afar.
It’s Kurebayashi and Sofurin...
What...?!
Do you know why I called you here?
Number 0721, you attempted to illegally access adult sites using a prison-issued computer and introduced a virus.
This is unheard of. Therefore, a special punishment...
It was intentional...
What...?
I did it on purpose. I wanted to talk to you...
Suddenly, I recall a previous conversation.
If possible, whenever it’s possible...
I’d like you to keep Sofurin over there for as long as you can.
But don’t do anything reckless. She’s too dangerous right now.
Perhaps that’s why Kurebayashi is here...
Despite being warned not to do anything dangerous.
Get a hold of yourself...! What’s happening? Why are you being so violent?
You dare lecture me, a guard? Fucking pervert sicko scum...
But you’re acting weird, I |know| it!
......
Punishing every prisoner you lay your eyes on will only earn you hatred! You understand that, don’t you?
I am not weird...
You’re being weird!
You should... receive... punishment...
Weird, weird, weird!
I am... not, weird...
Sofurin is shivering.
You’re not that kind of person!
I’m not...
Go back to how you used to be, kind and gentle, Sis...!
......!
Ugh...!
A riot bullet sinks into Kurebayashi’s stomach.
She clutches her stomach, instinctively. Kneeling on the spot.
Shuichiro!
......!
I want to rush out, but I can’t move out of the water pipes.
Gh... |cough, cough|!
......!
D-Don’t... hit me, please...
Gh, uh...
You can’t hit me...
Ugh, grrr...!
You’ll break your bones...!
UUGH!
She bends down on the floor.
Not Kurebayashi...
|Cough, cough|, ugh...!
Sofurin vomits a large amount on the floor.
Gh... haa... ugh...!
A-Are you okay...?
Oh my, looks like time’s up.
Sister Julia appears.
I thought it’d hold a bit longer... I guess complicated orders don’t hold as well.
Arameolapif!
Sofiya, stand up!
......
Sofurin stands upright, responding to the order.
Sofiya, advance, route A, go home.
She executes the command with unnatural fidelity.
She looks like a puppet.
What is this...?
It’s nothing at all. Just go back to your cell quietly, okay?
Sofurin follows Sister Julia and leaves.
She looks back once, midway.
Don’t ever...
She says with bloodshot eyes.
Don’t ever talk to me again...!
(END)
She threw up? Sofiya convulsed and threw up?
I quickly share what happened yesterday with Team 69.
Kid... you managed to stay quiet, that’s good. If you hadn’t, Agatsuma might not have come out.
I wanted to jump out, it’s just that I couldn’t.
Good job...
It was Kurebayashi who drew her out.
Haha...
She laughs weakly.
Let me check again, kid. She convulsed, complained of a headache, and on top of that, vomited, right?
I don’t know what she vomited, though.
Yeah, that’s fine...
It was sukiyaki-style stew, wheat miso soup, and apples...
Sounds delicious...
Right, I see, that makes sense...
I have no idea about the taste...
Did you figure something out, Chief?
Well... there’s a certain substance circulating even outside, you see.
It’s a strange thing. It makes you extremely obedient when you use it.
It triggers violent outbursts in users. Some of my young ones ended up leaving the gang and turning into a bunch of hoodlums.
They were all incarcerated at one point, but as soon as they got out they started wreaking havoc in our gambling dens.
So, I came here to find out where it came from...
I had no idea.
The Chief is really squeezed into a pattern.
Its side effects include hallucinations, delusions, convulsions, headaches, and nausea. Plus, there’s no trace of its presence in the body.
It’s a highly dangerous and addictive drug.
Is it...?
Do you mean...?
Commonly known as ‘H.’
In simple terms, it’s... a narcotic.
Narcotics.
So, Sofurin...
...is a drug addict...
......
......
She... would never touch drugs!
Where’s that voice coming from?
YOU IMBECILE!!!
But she’s not wrong...
Veritably.
Sofurin is not that type of person.
She’s the kind of person who’d hate drugs.
There’s no way that someone as serious as her would do drugs, right?
Then, how...?
Sofurin was set up. Someone drugged her, probably.
That seems like a reasonable conclusion.
I heard that this drug was developed by some cult leader as a substitute for LSD to brainwash people...
And the one that came out was... Sister Julia!
Sofurin is listening to Sister Julia’s orders.
She looked like she was completely brainwashed.
Has she been b-brainwashed by Sister Julia?
Probably. Brainwashing people with drugs is a common cult leader tactic.
No, there’s no way that she’s...
Even so, it’s not that easy. It’s impossible to brainwash someone like that without proper preparation.
I can’t believe it was under my nose all this time... I’m amazed by my own naïvety. But we still don’t know where it was set up.
Isn’t it in the meals or something...?!
Some of my people work at the cafeteria. They would’ve told me if there was anything suspicious over there.
In her drinks or bath water, maybe...?
It would require an astronomical amount for it to take effect if it was diluted in water.
I heard that Sister Julia’s parents have a pharmaceutical company.
Even with that, it’s impossible. We would’ve noticed if they’d tried anything that overt.
If we don’t know where it’s coming from, we can’t do anything...
They cover their tracks, though. I don’t think we’ll be able to find it that easily...
What should we do, what should we do, what should we do...?!
She—aaahhh! She’s a drug addict...!?
Chief, is it possible to break the brainwashing once it’s taken effect?
I never thought something like that could happen...!
Yeah, it doesn’t last too long. I think she could kick the stuff in a month if she doesn’t use regularly.
It’s a joke, right? Why is this happening? What should I do, what should I do...?!
Well, there’s a clear solution, then.
Hey, you! How do I...?
Don’t panic, Kurebayashi.
......!
We’re not trying to fix the source of the problem.
We don’t need to track down Sister Julia’s drugs and unleash divine punishment upon her.
Clear...
Kid, you...?
I’ll undo Sofurin’s brainwashing.
And then...
......?
Then, all I’ll do is make her smile.
What I seek is the eradication of crime.
The warden’s voice is stern.
I will explain, then, what Tulip Prison is, and what kind of person makes the regrettable decision to commit a crime.
Ready for the lesson, ma’am.
Ever since I defeated Yugao, the warden has been giving me lessons.
Why, ma’am?
Insurance. In all things, there are parts which one must attack with aggression and those which one must guard jealously.
I’m not really sure what she’s getting at.
Japanese society is not simply uninterested in our prison, but in crime and criminals as a whole.
Before, a murder at the hands of a correctional officer tormenting an inmate and going too far led to reforms from the Ministry of Justice, but that is far in the past.
The time has come for the nation to come to a new understanding of criminals. Do you understand, young Shuichiro?
To become the warden’s proper pawn, she wants me to rework how I think about criminals.
Why do you think this prison holds both men and women?
Warden Mizushiro’s philosophy of crime is a very unique one.
Because it’s space-efficient, I’d imagine?
Efficiency has little to do with it. It is simply because men and women populate the outside world. This is a fact of society. It is immutable.
If one cannot live in a mixed-gendered environment like our heavily surveilled prison, what hope can that individual have on the outside?
That philosophy, I feel, gave rise to the unique penal facility that is Tulip Prison.
Now, every human alive has genes. This is also an unbendable fact. It is immutable.
The trait colloquially known as psychopathy—|distinct from criminality as such—is often said to be grounded in genetics, and some research shows a heritability rate of over eighty percent.
Propensities to intense violence, as well as antisocial behavioral abnormalities, similarly boast a remarkably high heritability of over ninety percent.
If the household environment is also being passed down through the family, I think it makes sense they’d be more likely to commit crimes.
Indeed.
I’ve heard that people’s personalities can change from the household they’re brought up in too, so I think it doesn’t make much sense for a criminal’s child to naturally become a criminal themselves.
However, studies covering several groups of monozygotic twins have found that if one has a criminal history, the other has a fifty percent chance of having committed a crime.
Her tone is less like that of an authority figure in the prison and more like a professor’s.
So that means there’s a gene that guarantees people will commit crimes?
Whether we call it a problem gene or a risk factor, simply know that it is there as a piece of the puzzle. It is very dangerous, young Shuichiro, to jump to too hasty a conclusion.
In other words, it’s just a statistic. A number.
I nod in agreement.
Some researchers have found that heart rate has an influence on criminality as well.
They claim that children with a low resting heart rate have a higher propensity for crime. Many reasons are given for this: a lower level of empathy, less fear, a desire for stimulation...
So people who don’t get surprised much have a hard time understanding other people’s fear, while also experiencing a rare thrill from crime?
Similarly, some research shows that children with little reaction during perspiration experiments have blunted autonomic nervous functioning, leading to a greater propensity for crime.
Is that why you checked if I was sweating back then?
Smart boy.
I don’t dislike it when she praises me.
We may define two broad categories of factors that turn people into criminals: situational and innate. The former encapsulates those whose circumstances leave them with no other choice.
Come to think of it, I don’t think I’ve ever been praised by someone this age before.
We’ll cover the innate another time. Do you have any questions?
I can ask some?
Go right ahead, ask me anything.
Are inmates able to hold events in the prison?
Looks like some things surprise even the warden.
It is not... |impossible|, but requires my approval, permission from five or more officers, and ten or more participants, as well as agreeing to hold the event under the watch of the SST.
One of the officers needs to be a captain too.
I jot it all down.
Thank you very much. I’ll keep that in mind.
I bow my head and stand up.
Just what are you planning on doing?
Nothing too special.
I was just thinking of holding a baseball game.
So, I have to persuade the guards one by one.
Oh, a dog! Where’s this dog from? Is it wearing a collar... Akita dogs are so cute!
It’s still a pup... Hehe, I wonder if Jeeves and Alfred back home are doing well.
I’ll call you Chiyonishiki like the rice!
Ah, hm... His name is Kotaro...
Chiyonishiki, shake hands!
Officer Yamagishi.
What?
I made too many, so I came to... share them with you.
What?
This...
This is...
A Gundam.
A Gundam...?
Yes.
......
......
You really made way too much!
Up to 78-3, I can understand the magnetic coating and the novel version, but after about seven, what the heck?
My research paid off.
But once you hit Perfect, it’s weirdly forgivable, you know? Like, it’s so extra that it circles back to being cool!
It was worth it to put in a lot of effort to build the plastic models Mr. Kugitani procured for me. Officer Yamagishi looks really happy.
An event? Sure, why not. I’ll participate too!
Like this, I start persuading the guards.
To play baseball, we need a minimum of eighteen people.
Obviously yes! Leave right field to me, the Dirt Dog of Hatae!
Baseball, huh? Been a while. Well then, I’ll whip this old body into shape and give it a shot.
Do it.
Okay...
Everyone is enthusiastic and willing to cooperate.
To organize the event, we need to have security to keep an eye on the prisoners.
Yeah, sure... Okay. I’ll help out too.
So the SST’s cooperation is essential.
If you ask Mashiro... the other SST members, they’ll join in. They love festivals.
Thank you.
Sorry... If we could cut corners we would, but it’s our job.
It’s okay, I don’t mind.
One disappointing aspect is that I couldn’t approach one more potential participant.
I think it’s better not to approach her right now...
I see...
......
Surprisingly, the one tending to this garden is Yugao.
According to Commander Ohtabe, one of her few hobbies is gardening.
I don’t think I can convince her... I haven’t talked to her for a while either.
With the transfer of command over the SST, Yugao cannot order them around anymore.
Having been demoted and reassigned to the Treatment Division, she has to handle various odd jobs.
The lower-ranked ones are swamped with work, so it’s hard to catch them on duty.
But I’m curious, so I guess it’s fine to go see her.
Do you hate her?
Not at all...!
Commander Ohtabe shakes her head dramatically.
She... saved my life, you know.
Saved your life?
Commander Ohtabe explains in a quiet voice.
When I first came to the prison, being from Seiran Island made me feel small... I was even shorter than I am now, so the guards kept bullying me.
She was the only one who protected me. She taught me everything, how to do the job, how to drive away nasty people, how to live.
I wouldn’t say she saved her life, but Ohtabe owes her a lot for sure.
I have someone like that too.
If it were me, I’d want to talk to that person all the time.
Me too... but I couldn’t protect her.
She treated me so well... Yet, when she really needed me, I couldn’t help her...
That’s the only thing I’m good for... So, of course, she hates me for being useless.
She drops her shoulders, sadly.
She looks really down.
Why don’t you try talking to her?
She ignored me...
That’s why she advised me not to go talk to her.
I don’t know how to face her...
She looks like a big dog being told to “stay.”
Cheer up!
Thanks... This is all because of you, but...
......
A big dog and a stray cat...
I think you should just go talk to her without worrying too much. You look kinda sad.
Well, yeah, but...
Look, isn’t that Captain Yugao over there?
|Former| Captain! Haha, I didn’t think she could be demoted so easily!
I was always impressed by her aura, but it turns out it was just a lot of big talk! Hahaha...!
......!
Commander Ohtabe clenches her first, shaking with rage.
Pussy!
Huh...?
Pussy!!!
Using prohibited language so loudly...?
With the commander of the SST right next to him...? We must’ve misheard. That’s freaky, let’s get out of here!
I chased them away.
......
I was there at that time too.
Yugao told Commander Ohtabe that she was just a pile of useless trash.
Maybe that moment is still stuck in her heart.
I don’t know why... I don’t understand.
Maybe that’s how Kurebayashi feels too...
All her advice went like, “For your own sake, you should do this instead,” or, “It might work out better if you did it this way.”
Never anything along the lines of, “This is what I want, so that’s what you should do.”
I just can’t find the right words...
Perhaps, due to Sofurin’s past words and actions, she struggles to convey her feelings properly.
I hope you two can become friends again soon.
Yeah...
......
We gaze at her unexpectedly small back for a while.
(END)
Haa...
I let out a heavy sigh.
I’m not even sure how many times I’ve done that already.
Why is everything so messed up...? The whole plan is falling apart.
Even though it’s pointless to think about it, all that comes out of my mouth is regret and complaints.
I never hesitated to enter prison for my sister. I even planned an escape.
Swift action and quick decisions... that’s always been my strength.
But now, facing her rejection, I’m hesitating.
He said, ‘Leave it to me,’ but...
Normally, I always act independently.
I don’t need anyone’s help. All I need is cooperation.
He...
Yet, he’s making a move despite having little to gain personally.
So, I’d really like you to participate in the baseball tournament.
We just need one more guard, and five more people to hold it.
I silently watch it unfold.
Why are you... taking off your jacket?
Don’t you understand better than anyone?
I entrust and surrender.
What...?
Why am I accepting this so easily?
Haa... haa...
......?!
Yeah, that’s it! The blend of youth and innocence in that body... haa... such beautiful chest muscles...
......
Huh...?
Haa... You, haa... know what you have to do, right?
I do...
Ah, h-hold on...!
Now, come over here. No one will come into this room... haa... haa...
......
......
Hey, you!
Aah! Your manly youth is corrupting my body! I’m sorry honey. I’m not married, but...
Oh, hey, Kurebayashi.
What are you doing...?
I’m... taming her?
......
......
Why...?
That’s what I was told to do...
Ahhhh! Mommy’s turning into a woman! Tonight, just for tonight, I’ll be a woman!
I’ll participate in your baseball game... Both of you, keep this a secret, okay?
Hum, hum, hum...
Understood, big thank you, bro.
She has a cuckolding fetish. She likes being tamed by young muscular men and pretending to send ‘Dear John’ letters afterward.
I see...
Officer Yamagishi told me about it in exchange for what I gave her.
Lesson learned, it’s better to choose your friends wisely...
Kurebayashi sighs heavily and scratches the back of her head.
You... I feel like I’ve mentioned this before, but you really don’t hesitate to use any means to reach your goals, do you?
I just took a rational approach.
Even so, going as far as selling your body... You’re crazy...
......
I’m not praising you, idiot.
I flip through my notebook.
The list of participants and signatures declaring their participation is neatly filled out.
As long as we get Warden Mizushiro’s approval and keep it to the yard, we can hold the tournament.
Um...
What is it?
Why do you care about this?
......?
It has nothing to do with you at all...
Are you... stupid?
What did you say?
You want to get along better with her. What more reason would I need?
......
I want them to reconcile.
As for everything else like defeating Sofurin, we can think about it later.
Let’s do this, Kurebayashi.
......
Kurebayashi?
Uh, yes... well, that’s already...
We’re heading to her place to find the last piece.
And so, the baseball tournament featuring a mix of inmates and guards begins.
We open with an oath of sportsmanship delivered by the pseudo-mediator, Crappymori.
Baseball!
We’re trying to get her to expand from ‘boss.’
Hyuk!
We, the inmates, swear to uphold sportsmanship...!
Really?
......
......
Honorably and fairly!
Criminals being honorable and fair...?
We pledge to fight...!
STOP LYING!|WE SWEAR!!!
That was a touching oath.
My heart aches.
All right, it’s time to decide the teams. Let’s draw lots.
The teams are divided into red and white randomly.
I’m on the white team.
I’m on the red team. Isumi, you’re on the white team.
I’m also on the red team...
I’m on the red team, and Mr. Kugitani is on the white team.
Well then, looking forward to seeing the famous Dirt Dog in action.
I’m on the red team... how about you, Mashiro?
White... I wanted to be on your team.
Um, I’m...?
You’ll be the announcer.
What...?
Why baseball... Ah, but I didn’t want to do it in the first place... so I guess it should be fine then, right? Why do I feel left out?
Teams are formed, and we line up.
All right, salute each other!
Good luck!
Then, to determine the batting order, everyone heads to their respective benches.
Why do I have to do this on my day off...?
We’re on the same team, huh?
......
Holding a white sheet of paper, Sofurin glares at us with sharp eyes.
A baseball tournament...?! Why would we hold something like that?
I thought soccer would be better for our plan, but everyone prefers baseball.
Your |plan|...? Hah, what a ridiculous idea! Typical sicko...
......
And why would I do it?
Oh, you’re |running away?|
Agh?!
Even if she’s brainwashed, it seems her original personality can’t be changed, and she easily takes the bait.
Do you remember our promise?
It’s which of us can score the most runs, right?
That’s right.
Do you remember what happens if I win?
Yes.
The one who wins can give an order to the loser.
Yeah.
If I win, you have to have a serious talk with Kurebayashi.
And I chose to take away the Rehabilitation Center from you and ban all creative activities if I win.
Sofurin set that as her condition, knowing that she was hitting me where it hurt.
To get her to participate in the baseball tournament, I had no choice but to agree.
No objections?
None.
Then, let’s get into it. I’ll take the first at-bat.
Go ahead.
Top of the first inning, leading off for the Wankees, the third basewoman, Sakamogi!
Then the match starts.
Hmph!
I really don’t want to play baseball...
All right, that won’t go far... but damn, she’s fast?!
I hate all ball games...
To turn a second groundout into a base hit... impressive, Number 51.
Don’t go soft on me now. It was your idea in the first place, wasn’t it?
I know how to swing a stick...
I hate ball games, but I have to play.
Batting third, the center fielder, Sofiya!
Yeah... This is all for the sake of the plan.
It’s the most efficient way.
Yeah.
Batting fourth, the left fielder, Exhibitiman!
This will fix all my problems.
Are you prepared, Kurebayashi?
Yeah, of course...
Sitting as a catcher, Kurebayashi has a strained smile on her face.
The game is intensifying.
Hey-ya!
Hmph!
There!
Ha...!
My shoulder, aah!!!
Due to the contributions of baseball-experienced players and people with monstrous athletic abilities, the game quickly turns into a heated batting contest.
At the bottom of the fifth inning, here come the Crusty Sox on the counterattack!
The score is 7-8. The white team leads by one point.
It’s a close match...
Yeah, it is...
I have zero runs batted in...
Me too...
......
......
That’s a good match.
I guess it is.
What’s good about it...?
In the top of the eighth, the Wankees are back. Batting first, Sakamogi!
The game is already in its late stages.
This will likely be our last turn at bat.
Hah!
Hit! It’s going up the middle!
Having a hit before Sofiya is very inconvenient for my plan.
Ha!
The ball I thought was slipping through is caught by the Chief, jumping forward.
First!
Probably out!
Chief...!
She waves her hand, signaling not to make a fuss.
Even in baseball, she’s cool and reliable.
The second batter also grounds out, making it two outs.
Batting third, the center fielder, Sofiya!
......
Commander Ohtabe nods in response to Kurebayashi’s signs.
Then, she throws the ball.
A high corner straight.
Ha!
A satisfying metallic sound resonates.
The ball soars in a parabolic trajectory.
And she flies, a two-base hit to left field! Sofiya now has five at-bats with one hit!
Haa... haa... All right, how about that?
At second base, Sofiya looks at me with a piercing gaze.
I’m the one who advanced the most bases...! If you can’t at least make second, you’re done!
......
Can you fight back to keep your game? Number 0720...?
I’ve got zero safe hits. She’s trying to pressure me.
Two outs, and a woman on second. Batting fourth, the center fielder, Exhibitiman!
Taking a deep breath, I step into the batter’s box and get ready.
I then softly speak to Kurebayashi as she raises her catcher’s mitt.
Good work.
Yeah...
You finally found a trajectory Sofurin could hit?
It took five at-bats, but yes.
We allowed her to hit it on purpose.
Because I absolutely needed Sofurin to advance in the at-bat before my turn.
I never intended to win the showdown against Sofurin.
Basically, we just need to isolate Sofurin from the rest of the world.
And how do you say we do that?
......?
She won’t just stand there when she has work to do.
Just break her leg... she won’t be able to go to work then.
If you shatter the bone completely, she’ll have to stay still until it heals.
Well, if it comes to that, she’ll take a break, right?
This way, there’s no need to fix the root problem.
We just need to create an occasion to break her leg.
It’s the most efficient and rational approach.
What happened to all that ‘love’ of yours...?
Don’t you know, Kurebayashi?
Listen up, little miss, this is...
What they call |tough love|, right?
You’re completely insane...
......
The ball thrown by the commander goes way off target.
Nobody expects me to hit such a wild pitch.
That’s why she’ll take an extra second to react.
......
I’m not good at ball sports.
But I’ve been training with Mr. Kugitani for the past few days, playing cast-baseball.
The target is there.
......!
The Dirt Dog of Hatae is in right field...!
Huh...?!
He hit it...!
Run, kid, it’s falling!
It’s down! Exhibitiman hits to right field despite being a fucking brat!
I sprint at full speed.
I see Sofurin moving out of the corner of my eye.
Haa, haa, haah...!
She’s already kicked third base and is trying to return to home plate.
......
At this rate, she’ll reach the plate with time to spare.
BALLS!
Huh?!
......?!
Sofurin’s body shivers upon hearing this word.
She stumbles, shaking.
Damn, trying to throw me off like that...!
She hesitates for a split second, considering stopping safe on third.
But the score is tied—if she scores here, Sofurin will win.
So she chooses to dash for home.
Don’t underestimate the Dirt Dog, dammit...!
Right fielder Ozawa makes a great throw! Like a laser beam! Can he put her out?!
Back home!
Backhoe?!
Eep?!
Ah, back home isn’t a dirty word...
The ball or Sofurin, who’s faster?
......!
Kurebayashi is waiting in a blocking position at home base.
You’ll have to do it, Kurebayashi.
Huh...?
You need to be the one to... break her bone.
B-But... I could never... not to her...!
You want to help Sofurin, right?
So do it!
But...
Sometimes... the story progresses through things that the character doesn’t want to do...
Kurebayashi... You said, ‘I’ll persuade her even if I must hit her,’ right?
Yeah, but...
But... I’ve changed my answer... too...
Undo the brainwashing... talk properly... and then convey your own feelings.
That’s the way to go...!
Gloomy...
And whatever you do... don’t forget to drop the catchphrase.
Remember, you broke my nose first!
Aaah!!!
Now, we’re even...!
Time to drop the catchphrase.
But I’m not trying to bury anyone here.
So this time...
I’ll fucking break you, baby.
Collision.
And a cloud of dust.
Wha—?! A throw to home plate from the outfield... What’s happened here?! What’s the result...!?
Out, probably...!
The umpire’s hand goes up, and the dust cloud clears away.
......!
There, Kurebayashi, firmly grasping the ball, is pressing her entire weight onto Sofurin’s leg.
THAT FUCKING HURTS!!!
At the same time, a loud scream erupts.
Aaaahh!
This is the signal that our plan worked.
Ugh, it hurts...! What’s going on, it hurts?!
Kurebayashi...!
Ha... You’ve got balls, little miss.
You did it...!
Yeah...! Thank you...!
Hurry up! What are you lot grinning about?!
We nod slightly as we wipe off the sweat from our efforts.
(END)
