The following events prove quite tumultuous.
Doctor, emergency patient!
Coming, coming, what’s wrong?
Uuugh! It hurts!!!
Whoa, this is definitely broken. It’s cracking.
Ouch, it hurts, Eriko...!
There, there, if you stay calm, it’ll heal properly, okay?
Dr. Higuchi writes her a prescription for complete, mandatory bed rest while her broken bone heals.
So, Sofurin has to stay in her room quietly for the next month.
......
I’ll take care of your daily, okay...?
As the one who broke her bone, Kurebayashi offers to take care of her during her convalescence.
Why can’t we see Captain Sofiya?! We’re worried...!
No visits allowed!
I employ various tricks to ensure that Sofurin and Kurebayashi can be alone.
Let me through! She needs to see a familiar face right now!
There’s a patient in here! Please be quiet!
When someone is bedridden, it can be lonely! Surely she needs someone to visit her!” “She’s not in good shape! She probably doesn’t want you to see her like this, so no visits!
Please!
No matter how much you ask, I can’t let you meet her...
I brought a lot of entertainment to pass the time!
No means no!
I recommend the part where they painted the antenna red by mistake!
It could be contagious!
Huh, a fracture?
We wouldn’t want anyone else to get infected...! So, no visits!
......
Bone fractures can be contagious...?
With Dr. Higuchi’s help, we are able to smoothly chase them away.
By the way, you know your RBI is the number of points you score by hitting, right...?
Huh, isn’t it the number of times you step on home plate?
There were some holes in the plan, but both of us being beginners, we managed to avoid any major issues.
Kurebayashi is a very devoted caregiver.
I brought the laundry...! I’ll be changing the bedding now, so please wait.
......
Do you need the bathroom? It’s okay, I’ve cleaned the bedpan. Oh, and do you have enough water?
Kurebayashi diligently visits Sofurin in the morning and comes back to her cell late at night.
Our role is to support her however we can.
Something’s wrong...! She’s been having frequent spasms, and her temperature keeps fluctuating. Her eyes’ focus is off.
Is her condition unstable?
Her nose won’t stop running, so her breathing sounds shallow.
That’s tough...
I sucked it out, but...
Is she a baby...?
It’s probably just the withdrawal symptoms from the drug. Don’t worry about it.
But...
I’m sayin’ you’re doing good. Don’t stress out, just be confident and do what you can.
If you panic, she’ll feel uneasy. So, stay calm and handle it confidently.
Chief...
Kurebayashi avoided a mental breakdown thanks to the Chief’s advice.
Here’s today’s meal... Can you eat?
Cough, cough
Ah, ah.
Ugh, ugh, bleh...!
Aah...
It’s okay, it didn’t suit your taste. Let’s go for something easier to eat next time!
More importantly, let me change the bedding. Let’s change into fresh clothes and wipe your body. You’ll feel better.
......
Oh, what’s this...?
I think she’s using the cafeteria to prepare something easy to eat.
That kind of thing wouldn’t even satisfy pigs! Put more passion, more energy in it!
Y-Yes, ma’am...!
She’s working hard...
Yeah.
Could you eat that...?
......
I cut carrots and ground meat finely and served them with rice porridge. Thought it might be good.
......
I cut my finger a bit...
I thought I was pretty good at everything, but it seems I’m not very good at cooking... Haha...
......
Zzz, zzz...
......
Sis...
......
Hello, or rather, good evening. I’m coming in!
......
Today you have a red bean dessert. I’m not really into sweets, but I did my best.
......
Oh, do you need to use the toilet before the meal? Well, let’s take a short walk, shall we?
That woman... I mean, Dr. Higuchi, should start your rehabilitation soon...
Ah...
Huh...?
Did you just...
Causing trouble...
When you’re sick or injured, your spirit weakens over time.
I’m fine...
Having someone by your side while you’re going through this is reassuring.
So... just leave me alone.
If it continues like this and someone takes care of you, your heart starts to move.
Huh? Why?
Don’t say things like that...
After all, we’re family, aren’t we?
I bet that it would take them ten days to start getting along.
......
Dr. Higuchi said it would take at least thirty days.
Yeah... that’s true...
You never had any sense of right or wrong...
That’s why... you were always so pure.
Dr. Higuchi is truly amazing, I think to myself.
Oh... what was I being stubborn about...?
I didn’t have to fight alone...
There was always someone who would be on my side...
Sis...
I’m sorry, Noah...
Huh?
I’m so sorry... I’m sorry...
Huh???
She hit the nail on the head perfectly.
Uh, ugh... Ooooh... Noah... Sorry...!
I don’t really get it...
Kurebayashi turns to us. We just happened to come by to check on the situation.
I don’t really get why, but I think we made up.
That’s good, isn’t it?
Huh? Wait, why? We tried talking so many times before, and it didn’t work...
Aren’t you... happy?
W-Well, I’m happy... I’m so happy that I could cry... but why?
Kurebayashi.
You...
It’s called... the mere-exposure effect.
Mere-exposure effect...
Yeah, I think...
......
You really thought this far?
Just as I thought... Dr. Higuchi is always right!
Just for me...?
Two birds, one stone.
Such an elaborate plan...?
I’m glad you’ve... cheered up.
Could you be...?
My prince...?
Family...?
Ah, he’s thinking...
......
He’s thinking hard.
......!
She’s your sister...?
I knew.
I wondered why you hadn’t noticed yet...
So that’s what it was...
Ugh, uh... Noah... I’m sorry... really sorry...
I didn’t know...
......
Now that you say it, they do look alike.
That’s not a nice way of putting it.
S-Shameful.
Anyway... I’m glad for you, Kurebayashi.
Ah!
Huh, what...?
I got my period...
Your period...?
For the first time...
For the first time?!
At this timing...?
I had no idea but... Huh? First time?
My memory is hazy about the past two months...?! What’s going on here...?!
Just enjoy the moment... Kid?
Genes... My genes...
Shall we have a red velvet cake?
Are my genes telling me to have his children...?
Thus, the issues between Kurebayashi and Sofurin are resolved.
S-So, um... it seems the power of the ‘Holy Water’ has faded...
I see... All right, you can go.
Dear Sofurin is not brainwashed anymore... Too bad, I lost a pawn.
However, the commotion you caused bought me plenty of time.
And these little yakuza thugs’ brainwashing is almost complete.
Dear Hazuki taught me something valuable... People truly are bound and controlled by fear.
Of course, hehe... I’ll do it even better than dear Hazuki.
And onto the next hunt...
Dear Shuichiro Minato... the boy who resembles me.
The boy with the decisiveness to do anything and the skill to undo my deep brainwashing...
Ah, my Lord... we have finally met him, haven’t we?
The savior to guide all our lost lambs... the being who will become our cult’s leader!
(END)
The story so far.
After battling all sorts of powerful PESPers, Protagonist (temp) and his friends finally found the big bad.
Pulling the strings of the entire incident was a humble office worker employed by a local credit union.
No one can hope to resist my whispers. People listening and following my orders is simply the natural way of things!
She had the ability to control anyone by having them hear her voice (directly or indirectly).
//Isn’t her power kinda too similar to Heroine 2? (TH)
//She controls inanimate objects, the villain only works on humans (IK)
//Wouldn’t it be awesome if Heroine 2 had the villain train her in the sequel to get a power-up? (SM)
//Kinda random but your initials being SM is really funny (NK)
The reason why Mating Press Man lost his mind was also because he heard her voice when he went to make a deposit the day before.
The more sickos with powerful abilities there are, the more convenient slaves I have!
She took out her work stress by controlling others and making them kill, keeping her hands clean.
Die, die, die! My shitty boss, my Karen-ass customers, my smug-ass coworkers,
Until a while ago, Protagonist (temp) thought the same way.
Not anymore.
...
//I’ll think of his line later (IK)
After tireless research, Neighborhood Watch (temp) discovered that PESP power was determined by both masturbation quality and quantity.
Heroine One stopped time as Heroine Two talked dirty into Protagonist (temp)’s ear as Heroine Three sucked him off, bringing him to a powerful orgasm.
His ability to merely conjure up whirlwinds had cumminated into the power to summon tornados.
//Typo “culminated” (SS)
Ahhhhhhhh!
Working together, Protagonist (temp) and the heroines managed to defeat Office Lady Boss (temp).
Looks like peace’ll finally come back to the city.
Protagonist (temp) finally had what he had always wanted.
Irreplaceable friends.
Kurebayashi completely calmed down after that.
She stopped screaming, crying, and giggling to herself at random.
Excuse me? I never did anything like that, stupid.
You’re the only one who never noticed.
More importantly, how about you check over the design doc? I don’t want to have to do twice the work if we end up changing anything.
Something has changed, of course.
Hey, Chief. I listed up a ton of handy shortcuts for your art software.
Hey, thanks, little miss. Wow, yeah, zooming in and out with the keyboard is a lot easier.
Kurebayashi has been helping out on the game project with more passion and initiative.
If you adjust these parameters here too, you can stabilize blur from shaky hands and stuff. Here are some handy settings...
She really helps us get more accustomed to PC use.
Oh, right, Kane.
Kane?
She is older, so I want to call her by name. Last name.
She stopped calling Isumi “Little Miss Gloomy,” too.
That’s me.
Here’s some typing software. It’s about time for you to learn touch typing—no more of that baby senior citizen struggle typing stuff.
Whoa... I’m... I’m shooting zombies! This is fun!
We had a game like this lying around?
No, I made it.
......!
Just a little programming warm-up. Not that big a deal. Most coding stuff, I’ve got covered.
A voice line saving screen?
It looks like her warmup was for adding this new feature.
Yeah. Wouldn’t it be fun to save your favorite lines to an in-game list?
You’ve got a point there.
I want us to be able to hear Sofiya’s voice whenever, so I’m thinking of a good thousand slots.
It’s not like we have any other voice actors.
She’s a lot more active in sharing suggestions too.
Not the kind of thing you wanna say.
It stands out. She used to put a lot of effort into putting in the bare minimum for whatever I asked her to do.
Did you have a change of heart or...?
Dummy. I told you already, didn’t I?
She grins as she presses down the enter key.
I hate owing favors.
Her older sister Sofurin—Sofiya Shikolenko—also saw a small change.
Could I take a picture of you?
Why?
To make a Sofurin calendar.
Quit calling me that. I’m punching you next time you do.
......
A calendar...?
Why a calendar of... of me...?
It feels like she’s calmed down. She feels more natural.
Dr. Higuchi, can you hold this?
Sure, want the reflector around here?
Wait, Eriko, don’t start setting up a photoshoot!
Say cheese, Sofurin.
I told you to stop calling me that! And quit it with the calendar!
Why?
Because it’s embarrassing, obviously!
Don’t you want official merch of yourself, though?
You don’t even have my consent! Like hell it’s ‘official!’
Kurebayashi is asking too.
Guh!
She’s gotten a bit more forgiving than usual.
It’s something your sister really wants you to do.
......
Could you look this way?
Take the picture from here.
But...
Just do it.
Why?
Because this angle looks better in a photo!
Any evidence?
Stats on stats from looking at my own face for years!
You look at your face that much?!
Look, I take as many selfies as anyone else!
Haha, it doesn’t look that different.
You REALLY piss me off.
Ouch. Owie.
Now that’s a good picture!
Wait, Eriko, what are you doing?!
See, we really have to capture your likeness from the left side.
I will end you.
You two are getting on like close siblings, it’s nice to see!
Like hell we are!
I have more chances to talk with Commander Ohtabe too.
Unf! Unf! Unf!
You’re not putting your hips into it enough. Arms alone won’t carry much force—focus on your joints.
Since the Chief is (apparently) busy in the afternoons, she’s been training me instead.
Grglgrglgrgl... Bwah!
One minute, forty-three seconds. You’re getting there.
Haa, haa... It really hurts, holding it in.
The current record is twenty-four minutes thirty-seven, though that’s with pure oxygen. Back in my unit, you failed the entrance test if you couldn’t hold your breath for five minutes.
Which means... You can hold your breath that long, Commander?
I can go five minutes. The captain of First Squad could go for about twelve.
That’s... incredible.
I wasn’t able to pull it off immediately, either. We all had to get dunked into the sea a bunch before we could pull it off.
That sounds like it could be torture.
It was how you expressed love back where I’m from.
Is this also how Commander Ohtabe expresses love?
Listen, no matter how much your lungs are hurting, you
Lesson learned, either way—everything is practice.
I’ll make five minutes my goal, then.
Good, we’ll work to it. Let’s get stronger—the two of us.
A few days later, we gather in the usual classroom to celebrate Sofurin’s recovery.
What’s the meaning of all this? Position-wise I’ll have to stop you if you’re having a party of some sort, but...
Is this something to do with that poster...?
No, but the sex scene you recorded before is finally done.
......
Oh, the one we redid right before she got brainwashed?
S-Since it’s finished, w-we’re watching it together.
So you don’t need to worry about any parties.
Ah, I see, I won’t need to worry about...
...wait, right here? Right now?!
W-Wait, hold... Huhhhh?
I’ve also taken the liberty of inviting a giant of the eroge field as a guest today.
Invited my ass, you dragged me over here!
G-Glad to have you here, Eroge Master!
Quit calling me that!
Okay, here goes.
The Chief’s art appears on the mock-up screen, accompanied by voiced lines.
Your thick cock is pumping my pussy so hard! I’m cumming!
How exactly am I supposed to feel, looking at this?
You should think, ‘wow, I really sound like I’m cumming!’
I... I guess...?
God, this is way too hot! The horny police are gonna bang down the door and go ‘you got a license to be that horny, mate?’ and arrest the dang game!
What are you, a horny old man?
While I do think it’s decently acted...
Real plain...
It’s just text over a picture. At best, it’s simple. At worst, it’s boring.
I wonder why?
Yeah, what’s up?
Hanamaru then lets out a ludicrously deep sigh.
Have any of you morons heard of animation? Of effects?
Animation?
Look at this. It’s just a picture on the screen.
How about, say, panning the camera over a big picture from right to left?
Whoa, f-feels like it’s moving.
And how about putting a flash on screen when he nuts?
Ahh, I’m going to cum. I’m cumming from my pussy. I’m cumming, cumming, cuuuummiiiing!
It does feel like somethin’s comin’ out!
Whoa! That’s incredible! Right, Kurebayashi?
Yeah! It went from being 100% horny to being 169% super horny!
We can’t help but cheer at how different the slightest change made the game’s vibe.
That’s our Eroge Professor!
Stop calling me that. And yeesh, you’re jumping for joy over a few clicks and tweaks? Didn’t know they let kindergarteners make porn games nowadays.
Thank you so much! Just, so much!
Ugh, enough already! When did you become the thanking type, anyway?!
I have to thank you too!
Cheeks bright red, Kurebayashi tugs at Sofurin’s sleeves.
T-That was an incredible performance.
Y-You think so? Well, if you say so... eheheh.
Though the sisters’ relationship is still a bit on the awkward side, it’s going well.
......
Tch.
W-What do you think, producer?
Yeah, this is good!
I’m satisfied with everything, the game included.
People... they’re not all strong. Not like me.
Kurebayashi had her score increased for injuring a correctional officer.
And not like you, either.
You think so?
Yeah. You’re way stronger than me.
She’s sitting at 0.2 now.
A twenty-year sentence.
You know, I was planning on breaking out of here.
Huh?
She told me about this right after Sofurin’s recovery.
I figured Sis would break down if she stayed here too long, so I was going to, well, force her to come with me if I had to. That’s why I got myself locked up here in the first place.
I... had no idea.
I hadn’t known she’d been packing such a grand plan.
But, well, my original plan’s been up in smoke for a while now, and my sister’s feeling a lot better, and I do owe you one, so... I think I’ll stay here for a while.
Glad to hear it.
Hugging her knees as she sits, she looks at me with her right cheek on her knee.
Is that you being glad to hear I’ll help you work on our game?
That’s part of it.
Then what else is there?
I’m most glad to see you’re feeling better now.
......
She falls speechless for a little while slowly pointing her index finger at me.
That now... That was way too cool.
A compliment.
I don’t really get why, but she seems pleased.
Kurebayashi.
Call me Noah.
......?
And I’ll call you Shuichiro.
But...
Just call me Noah.
She lays down orders.
I decide to follow them.
Noah.
......
She makes a pistol with her fingers again.
Now that... just isn’t fair.
Now she’s being kind of weird.
Either way, my plan to get closer to everyone by having us call each other by name is a step closer to victory.
Shuichiro gave me a pack of photographs.
They’re of my sister, taken from a variety of angles.
The reason was that he hoped I could make a calendar from them.
What a guy. He’d even remembered spitball ideas I’d long given up on.
Okay, this ought to do it.
I added dates and organized them from January to December in the PSDs.
The photos are color, so I set them to 350 dpi to stop any surprise moiré patterns.
Now to set things up with Two Grand... Seven hundred thousand should be enough.
Then, I open a certain picture.
It’s not one of my sister.
It looks like it was taken by accident, really.
......
I open up my art software again and begin editing it.
Noah, you’re breaking out on your cheeks again.
Yeah, it just sort of happened.
But Sofurin’s not here today. What happened?
I guess it’s because you’re my prince?
He tilts his head, looking completely lost.
That’s not all that’s popped out. Check this out.
I open up my latest work: the official Sofurin Calendar.
Wow, this is really well made! Don’t want it, though.
T-This has commercial-level quality... Don’t want it, though.
The three of them flip through the pages.
Then, they stop at December.
Oh? Huh?
D-December’s the only different one.
It’s... me.
The last page is adorned with Shuichiro, making a really cool face.
Why?
He asks me, seeming completely lost.
I grin a little and make a finger pistol.
Think it over yourself, dummy.
It would appear that you have cleanly gotten Captain Sofiya Shikolenko onto your side.
Warden Mizushiro nods at my scheduled report.
I have heard you have the Special Security Team’s commander in your pocket as well. A praiseworthy development.
I didn’t think I had anyone in my pocket, but if the warden is happy, I’ll take it.
Of the three, it was admittedly Captain Shikolenko I had expected the least of, but you have shown incredible results.
It seems there is more to you than I had initially thought, young Shuichiro.
While you have what appear to be hopeless sides to you, you’ve brought forth results I had not thought possible. I can hardly believe I’m saying this, but...
...I would say you have the aptitude to undergo the prison’s highest form of special rehabilitation curriculum: the Mizushiro Program.
That’s a name I’ve never heard before.
I didn’t know there was such a thing, ma’am.
That’s no surprise. It was a project previously active, one that lessened an inmate’s criminality coefficient and promised them some form of social position after their return to society, no less.
It is frozen at present from lack of worthy personnel, but... you may be just what the project needs.
The eyes behind her glasses have a fierce glint to them, one that pierces right through me.
Young Shuichiro, do you have the boldness to accept such a trial?
If it’s something I can do.
It does feel nice to have the warden praise me.
Very well, then. I will allow myself to hope again, if only once more.
I hereby promise to train you with everything that I have.
This sounds like a nice thing to do on the side of my game project.
What should I do, ma’am?
Something you already know: the overthrow of Captain Julia Agatsuma.
Sister Julia is the only officer left.
If I defeat her, the bid to “bring order to the prison” I talked out my ass about will become a reality.
You have managed to neutralize both Captains Yugao and Shikolenko.
On the other hand, this means all of that contested power will now fall into Captain Agatsuma’s hands.
The conflict between Yugao and Agatsuma, factions of equal power with Sofurin being neutral, kept a steady yet shaky balance in the prison.
With Yugao and Sofurin out of the picture, power will concentrate with the faction that remains.
With that power comes danger.
I realize that doing anything worth doing comes with risk. You needn’t worry about that.
A hero who seeks to do great work always does so in the face of grave danger, yet pushes through regardless. Understood?
Yes, ma’am.
Sister Julia indulges in brainwashing.
No matter her reason, she’s our team’s enemy.
I was going to defeat her even if the warden hadn’t asked.
You are up against Captain Agatsuma, however.
If the former Captain Yugao boasted immense strength, Captain Agatsuma more than matches her in madness.
Madness, indeed.
I can never tell what Sister Julia is thinking. No one can.
That’s why no one has been able to throw up any plan to bring her down.
The average person can’t hope to grasp what she desires.
That is, of course, why I’ve considered her a subject of my research.
The warden continues.
Speaking as warden, I do not mind if Captain Agatsuma shows that she has the talent and ability to become my heir and does so. However, should you be able to best her...
...your abilities would be beyond any and all doubts.
Defeat Captain Agatsuma. Show me your value.
For when you do... you will be granted that which you so dearly desire.
All that’s left is our game data. The data in her clutches.
I leave her office, starting the steps on the final chapter of its reclamation.
It’s almost a foregone conclusion that Sister Julia is the one who brainwashed Sofurin.
Why, then, would she pick Sofurin to brainwash?
Was it to have a powerful captain as a pawn? That makes sense, on the face of it.
Ugh... I had no idea we had this kind of place down here. It’s so creepy... and just standing around makes me want to... Hhk, kff!
This spot’s like the solitary confinement cell of the Damned Ward. I’ve never seen whoever’s inside it, though.
Since she happens to be with me, I decide to ask her.
I have no idea. It’s not like brainwashing me would give her control over the SST.
But, Sofurin, she could control them through you, right?
Quit calling me that. And she could, but all she really did was put the boot down on the inmates harder, right?
All that will do is... Wait, no, was there anything she stood to gain from it from the start...?
Every prisoner in Tulip Prison fears their score going up.
Did she want to take advantage of that? To stoke the flames of fear? Why?
And the other thing I want to know is the how.
Do you remember what happened when you were brainwashed?
I have no idea. I’m not sure if I was drugged, either. Meals aside, all I drink is mineral water I buy by the box...
We have no idea what the nun used to brainwash her.
Without knowing that, we have no path to victory.
Oh, it’s about lunchtime. How about we hurry back to the surface?
Good idea.
Ahhh, finally free... God, I’m beat... beat and hungry...
As I start heading back, checklist in hand, someone touches my back.
I turn around to see it’s the woman in the iron mask.
She hands me a piece of paper.
......
It’s a summons from Warden Mizushiro.
I head to her office for a rare daytime visit.
Sorry for the sudden summons, young Shuichiro.
Not at all, ma’am.
I was in the middle of lunch myself, but there’s something I simply had to show you.
......
A certain facility of Tulip Prison’s, you see.
......
Would you like some of my lunchbox?
C-Can I?
She hands me her lunchbox.
I’m really hungry, so I wolf it down.
It’s so good.
It was well worth making, then.
You made it yourself, ma’am?
Indeed. I have my maid do the cooking at home, but I cook for myself here. There are kitchens in mine and the correctional officers’ rooms, you see.
She even gives me tea.
It’s strangely strong.
A growing boy, I see. You certainly have an appetite.
I’m coming back from manual labor.
I have a daughter and granddaughter, but neither devoured their meals with such vigor.
Sounds like her household is mainly female.
Somehow, that doesn’t surprise me, I think to myself.
It tastes like family cooking.
Might your mother have been the mistress of the household?
No, she hardly ever cooked for me. It was all my sister.
Ah, that was in your report. It did state that you were essentially raised by your sister.
Cooking was Hinako’s hobby, and she would always make it really flavorful, just how I like it.
So I feel that if my mother cooked for me, it would probably taste like this.
Thanks for the food.
You’re very welcome.
When I’m finished, I realize her portion is gone.
She doesn’t seem to mind, though.
Now, there’s a certain facility hidden away in Tulip Prison.
She’s not telling me what it is.
It would do you well to pay it a visit. You don’t need to worry about your afternoon shift, so do head over.
Are you sure, ma’am?
I meant it when I said I would train you with everything I had.
I follow the warden’s order.
I head for the facility she spoke of, using the map she drew for me.
I walk up the sloped trail, both unpaved and unorganized, for about a half hour.
At the end of it, I find an old-looking building.
It has a stairway that ascends thirteen floors, with the top one being a platform with a rope hanging from above.
Gallows for execution.
......
It looks like a holdover from when Tulip Prison was a detention center for death row inmates, rather than a holding pen for perverts.
Japan’s westernmost execution ground is right in front of my eyes.
The place is banged up and rusty, but it looks to be still functional.
......
It’s such a quiet place.
All I can hear is the distant sound of waves clapping against the shore.
So, this is... where people lose their lives.
According to Warden Mizushiro, the date of the execution isn’t made known until the morning of.
Here, you lose your life without anyone knowing about it. You don’t even know about it until it’s just about to happen.
Yeah...
I quietly turn around.
It’s already evening by the time I get back to the prison.
Since it’s break time, a calm air hangs over the yard.
Captain Shikolenko’s calmed down, so I can finally relax during breaks again...
Yeah, I was so worried that it would last forever! I wonder if Sister Julia’s to thank for this?
Are you going to service again today, Saddleist?
I’ve gotta! Sister Julia, you know, she really speaks to me! Not coming along, Fairy?
I think I’ll pass. Whenever I go, I feel kind of off the next day...
Two women pass in front of me.
I’ve been to service in the chapel once before.
That’s where I first met Sister Julia, if memory serves.
Hey! Exhibitiman!
Mr. Kugitani?
Mr. Kugitani comes running to me from behind.
Strangely, he’s out of breath.
I was looking all over for you! Tch, kids these days, making old geezers run every which way... If I pop a lung, you’re hearing from my lawyer.
What’s the matter?
Listen, I’ve got some news I really think you ought to hear.
He leans in and whispers into my ear.
I can’t believe what he whispers into it, but I get running.
What the HELL are you doing?!
The roar from behind the door rings through my ears.
The Chief is inside.
Standing before her is the Hatae Trio.
Exactly what... we told you...
We are washing our hands of... this yakuza business.
We... can’t follow you anymore, boss...
So you’re just up and leaving the family?! A yakuza chalice isn’t that light, you punks!
She slams the ground with an earth-shaking shout.
Yet, the three hardly react. Their eyes are dead.
If ya want me to slice my finger, I’ll give it to ya...
As will I, before I leave the family...
All is as the Lord asks...
......!
They do not budge.
(END)
Ah... You noticed, huh? I really didn’t want to worry any of you, but...
When I confront her the next day, the Chief answers in resignation.
...I guess I shouted so loud the whole prison’d know.
What is going on?
An exodus. Near every member of the family’s thrown the goddamn chalice back at me, saying they’re cutting ties with the gang business.
B-But they... they all looked up to you.
Yeah, so why...?
I realize why mid-sentence.
Brainwashing, huh?
Yeah. Looks like my people’ve been brainwashed by that fake nun.
And it ain’t just them, either. A big chunk of the prison’s got their minds fucked by her.
Which is why no one listens to the mediators anymore.
The Chief’s organization crumbled, leaving her all alone.
There’s been some real shady shit going on here and there for a while, but it started to get really serious in the past month.
Brainwashing Sofurin allowed Sister Julia free rein to do as she pleased.
......
The whole time we had our hands full, she must have been hard at work at... something.
Just like you, we didn’t have any luck piecing together how she works her magic. Our group couldn’t suss out where she keeps her drug.
And around when Sofurin got brainwashed, we started losing people one after another.
More and more prisoners ended up mind-controlled.
So I had people go into any suspicious first and second-class prisoner meetings to cause trouble and marked anyone who looked suspect.
That might’ve been able to slow down the brainwashing a smidgen, but...
Having caught wind of the nun’s plans, she’s been doing the best she could as a mediator.
...in the end, I ended up losing even my closest three.
The Chief has been all alone, enduring.
Did you know about this, Kane?
I-I didn’t know a thing about it. W-We work in different places.
Not one of us knew about the Chief’s plight.
You could have said something.
I told you to go all out, didn’t I?
That you didn’t need to get distracted by anything else ’til you fixed the little miss here and Sofurin’s problem, right?
She has a point. During the Sofurin operation, we didn’t have the time or energy to focus on anything else even if we had known what was going on.
We couldn’t make time with the sisters.
That’s why she kept on supporting Team 69 from behind the scenes.
Though in the end, it’s like I wasn’t able to accomplish a damn thing.
Chief...
No matter how rough things get, the Chief is always her cool self.
And as of today, the Hatae Clan consists of me alone.
So, well... I think I’m at my limit.
But now, her foundation is starting to tremble.
I hate to ask, kid, but... can you help me out?
Right away.
Now it’s our turn to help her.
Just call us the new Hatae Trio.
With that, we form the Chief’s new guard team.
So, you the jokers running dice on the down-low in this joint?
I was real meticulous in bashing into you Guna boys that cash gambling’s a no-go on the premises. You telling me you morons can’t even remember a fact that basic?
Ah, the great Hatae matriarch. You’re talking awful big.
Excuse me? You forgotten your etiquette, little boy?
Hah, don’t think we haven’t heard. Don’t think everyone hasn’t heard. Your whole family’s run out on you—you don’t even have your precious trio around, either.
Which means now’s the perfect chance to mosey on in and get ourselves that vacated throne, you got that?!
Seeing the Chief’s fallen status, other clans start to come out of the woodwork to appropriate her position.
I imagine this is partially what Sister Julia is after too.
I dunno how things went on the outside, Ms. Matriarch, but do you really got the stones to talk so big when you’re all alone?
Ahyahyahyah!
All alone, huh?
All right, all right, all right!
Quit with the wiseguy broke brain slackjawed jibber-jabber, pal!
That’s Noah’s cue to make her appearance.
Who the fuck do you think you are, pipsqueak?! You wanna throw down?!
Executive of the Hatae Clan and Designated Ass-Kicker, Noah Kurebayashi, big squeak! YOU wanna throw down?!
With the Hatae Trio gone, Noah dipped into her copious funds to buy a title, becoming a hygiene manager like the Chief.
All right, wise guy, what say we roll business cards, huh? We got the third generation of the Shimamura Clan with us, Skerkinoff Sakurai himself!
Oh, damn, really? Know who we got?
Captain Sofiya Shikolenko, that’s who.
What?!
Mind explaining what the hell it is you’re up to in here?
Plus 0.001 to your score, and no dinner until you do ten laps around the yard! Do I make myself clear?!
She makes good use of Sofurin’s cover to crush the parasites with ease.
Yeah, that’s right, keep walkin’, backs straight, you’re outta here!
Say, Noah, this is kind of an abuse of...
You’re so cool, Sis! God, so cool!
R-Really? Heheh, well, I am your sister, you know!
Sofurin doesn’t seem to mind terribly much, so it all works out.
Chief, the Guna Clan’s been iced.
They were always the weakest of us panty peddlers, bringing nothing but shame to the union...
We have our ways—our feminine ways. We ambush them!
We’ll catch her here in the bath. Even the Hatae matriarch would be wide—
Huh? What happened to the lights?
Ohhhh... Ahhhh...
W-What was that?! Who’s there?!
Ahhhh... Ooaahhhh!
C-Chief, Chief, s-something’s kind of glowing over there!
Ahhhh, ooohhhh!
Gyahhhhhh!
They say there’s nothing scarier than a ghost in the bath, eheh, eheh, heh...
I... I suppose, but...
Chief, they got the Femusera Clan too!
No surprise there—they simply lacked gumption. Let us show them how the gentlemen of the Kunto Clan do business.
Word is she comes here to paint her pictures. Should we surround her ten men strong and deal out a storm of classy punches even the Hatae matriarch will—
Hey.
Who the fuck are—gyah?!
That’s the first punch I’ve actually landed.
The fuck’s your problem? Who just starts swinging without saying any—uwah?!
......
An SST! Please, help! Number 0720 just got violent all of a sudden!
Minato, when you’re punching, you want to move your hips like this.
Like this? This?
Now you’re talking. When you want to fully neutralize a target, you hold your breath and let out multiple exhales while you...
Someone, help!
Any threats to the Chief, we go and nip in the bud.
Man, I
You really pulled it off well.
T-That was really fun, eheh!
......
Er... this isn’t exactly how I wanted you to help me out.
Well, why not, right? You’ve ended up with a lot less on your plate, yeah?
I... can’t say I haven’t.
This is also love.
The Chief has her arms crossed and head tilted as if to say she simply does not understand.
We’re doing this because we want to. Right, Isumi?
Veritably.
We want you to lean on us whenever, Chief.
......
I want the Chief to always be at her coolest.
If anyone tries to tear you down, Chief, you know what we’ll tell them?
I’ll fucking inhume you, baby.
......
......
......
......
That catchphrase of yours... it’s just too good!
Eheh...
Me, I think it’s pretty lame.
Hand on her cheek, the Chief lets out a resigned sigh.
No reasoning with a pack of fools, huh?
It feels like it’s been too long since I’ve seen her smile. I’m a little glad to see it.
Of course, I know it’ll take a lot more than this to really solve the issue.
We need to find out what the Hatae Clan deserters are up to.
So I go to see them myself.
Shut your goddamn mouth! I’m gonna hit it big, man, big! I’m gonna buy toys for all the needy children out there and we’re gonna conquer the world together!
Hanada has gone completely off the deep end and won’t give me a straight answer.
Oh, yes, dear, mm, today’s lunch is sweetened chicken and tofu... I put in a little discount too, just for you. You might find a little... special surprise inside.
Er, uh, t-thanks...?
Umezu is like a lusty woman right before menopause.
Shimonuma?
When I was a spirit medium, the ghost of a konjac artisan across the road said thus: ‘What matters most in life is not how much you’ve made, but how much you’ve cum.’
Shimonuma.
The guardian spirit of an inmate who lived down the road and spent his time exploring new forms of masturbation said thus: ‘Well cummed is better than well edged.’
Shimonuma has devolved into an aphorism-dispensing bot.
Everyone’s kinda lost it, man. They don’t talk shit, they stay in line, they do their jobs well... They’re all good kids now, man.
That’s Ozawa’s read.
Wonder if they’ll get better if we break their bones?
Don’t even bother. It’ll be backbreaking labor for nothing.
The Hatae Clan’s presence in the prison has been all but eroded.
Ozawa, for some reason, seems fine.
Why?
Huh. Yeah, I wonder why? I’m feelin’ pretty normal.
Let’s test it out. Try saying something nice to me.
The hell I gotta say something nice to you for?
Okay, you really are sane.
He doesn’t repeat the same words over and over again like a bot, either. He’s fine.
I’ve gotten into the habit of visiting Dr. Higuchi often when I’m free.
She really wanted to look into Amatsu some more.
I mean, this is a dick with a personality and ego we’re talking about! The academic establishment would lose its mind over it!
I decide to cooperate.
All right, what do you see in this picture?
Dr. Higuchi shows my crotch a painting that looks like paint splotches.
If anything...
It’s called a Rorschach test, apparently.
Got it, thank you. Let’s move on to the thematic apperception test next. Apologies in advance, Amatsu, since it’ll be a little taxing.
Not at all, ma’am. I’m just glad to be able to help.
I don’t have much to do during these tests.
They work out for me since there’s a lot I want to discuss with her, though.
The biggest problem is feeling suspicious of everyone.
In other words, you don’t know who’s brainwashed or not, so you have no idea who you can trust?
That’s right.
Hmmm...? It just... won’t open...
Dr. Higuchi reaches for her usual postwork energy drink, and I open it for her with one hand.
Here you go.
Oh, thanks for that! Glg, glg... Phew, that’s the good stuff! And you’ve got a point there. Can’t exactly talk strategy with anyone like that.
Yeah.
If I was brainwashed, your secrets would be all over the place.
A-Are you brainwashed?!
No, I was just...
I could break a bone.
Whoa, whoa, let’s not, okay? I was just drawing up an example. Yeesh, Shuichiro, you probably would do it too.
She’s right.
If Dr. Higuchi and Mr. Kugitani were brainwashed, I wouldn’t have anyone to talk things over with.
That would render me nearly helpless.
Sounds like the problem is where the drugs are kept and how to undo the brainwashing of this many people.
I don’t really care about treating or curing them.
Huh?
My goal here isn’t undoing the brainwashing or puzzling out where the drugs are hidden.
All I want to do is defeat Sister Julia. That’s all I need.
If she goes down, the Chief will lose her strongest enemy.
We can deal with the small fry ourselves after.
Yeah, that’s what I’ll focus on.
That will end up finishing Warden Mizushiro’s task for me too.
Two birds with one stone. What could be more logical?
Wait, you’re heading off already? All you’ve done is open my energy drink, though. You sure you don’t need anything else?
I’m fine. I’ve got to go see who I can really trust.
I put my hand on the wall.
There’s a mark on the prison calendar beside it indicating that religious service will be held today.
I crawl through the duct to my destination.
The chapel is included in the route map I drew up in my notebook.
Crawl up the long pipe, making sure to avoid the degraded iron below on the way.
After that, turn right and go straight...
...bringing you to the chapel.
There’s a hole of perfect size here, allowing me to peek into the room.
My dearest pipitamimi, I am glad to see you gathered here today. This is also the Lord’s guidance. Beche!
I can see Julia Agatsuma at the podium in the back of the room, speaking in a reverent tone.
Looks like service has only just begun.
Do forget your incarceration for tonight and allow yourselves to relax.
The room is crowded. There are probably sixty inmates in there.
The small chapel is so packed that even I can feel the heat of their passion.
First, let us raise a prayer. Arameolapif...
I see much of the coal mining crew there. Mr. Change, Pi Pi Wang... They’re not the only ones, either.
Hara... Er, arameolapif...
Even Mr. Bear...?
I had no idea she had control of this many people.
I’d figured that doing the brainwashing all at once would be impossible.
S-Sister Julia, our scores won’t go up anymore, right?!
But of course, my dears. As you lost souls have found your way back to the right path, the Lord shall offer his blessings.
Thank god! Running here for salvation was the right choice!
I told you, girl! As long as we’re near Sister Julia, God’s on our side!
......
If Sister Julia can only do her brainwashing far out of the public eye, then it all makes sense.
She brainwashed Sofurin, throwing the prison into fear through the ever-present threat of violence.
I, Captain Julia Agatsuma, promise that to you.
Not only does she have the same authority as Sofurin, but the power of religion is on her side as well. This drew the frightened prisoners to her.
If this chapel is where she finishes the brainwashing, then all the pieces come together.
That’s why she brainwashed Sofurin and used her as a pawn.
There is one more thing I would like to share.
A joyful matter, one that will make you wish to sing hymns of praise.
A messiah has graced our very penitentiary, one who bears the very word of God!
A messiah?!
Yet, Sister Julia, are we not already in the presence of the oracle, one who confers the word of the lord?
The cult has plenty of believers in the Obscenity Ward by now.
......
So many that I should really start reconsidering where I talk for fear of being eavesdropped on.
Our oracle is one who hears and shares the word of the Lord, but is not the Lord herself.
Our messiah, however, will liberate us from our trials! He is our God made manifest, descending to the world to bring salvation!
The chapel shakes with cheers of excitement.
Is that how she controls the hearts of her flock? Speaking big about the coming of a savior?
Now is the time! My lost flock, let us stand without fear! Let us purify the unclean and fill this world with smiles!
No one doubts her promise of a savior. No one doubts his descent.
There is nothing to fear, not when our messiah is with us. Glory be his name, the name...
Everyone in the chapel has to be fully brainwashed, completely under con—
...Shuichiro Minato!
For a second, I can’t believe my ears.
The name she just spoke. That’s.
Me?
It stuns me, briefly.
So I gasp.
Oh? Goodness, you know, I had thought I sensed something or someone off.
As I do, her eyes crawl up diagonally.
It seems a mopopporo popotamimi has wandered into our holy space.
Her eyes lock with mine.
The brainwashed believers immediately turn my way.
......
Goosebumps crawl across my skin.
I immediately dash back into the duct.
After him, my beloved endub-furifuri! Capture the heathen and let him see the light of god!
Their footsteps come like a quake.
It’s like the building itself is shaking.
Find him! Search every nook and pore!
I’ll find him and hit him with piss shot from halfway across the prison!
They don’t know about the pipes yet, Shuichiro!
Yeah, but they’re following my sound!
There are too many to pull a fast one over on.
Send our people into each ward.
......!
I need to get back to my cell, fast.
If I’m not at the infirmary and am the only one out of my cell...
Look out, Shuichiro!
Guh!
I accidentally put weight on a water-eroded spot.
I fall down headfirst...
...stumbling and rolling out into a place I’ve never seen before.
Nn?!
Standing in front of me is Yugao, eyes wide.
That... really hurt...
What in the world are you doing here?
I heard a huge bang, and... Huh?! Minato?! What are you doing here?!
The sound attracted Sofurin.
Things are really bad, but I’m hanging in there.
Hanging... in there?
Hanging in there? Is something the matter?
Sister Julia approaches us, her footfalls relaxed.
What is all this commotion? What’s going on?
Well, you see, we have a bit of an escapee on our hands, so I’ve been chasing after him with whoever has their hands free.
My... who might that inmate you’ve got there be?
Hearing that, Sofurin seems to realize everything.
Goodness me! Is this the little lamb who got away? And you caught him for me? How wonderful! Would you mind handing him over, then?
Her lips tremble.
She speaks.
T-This is an inmate I made an exception for and called for further rehabilitation lessons. He is unrelated to this incident.
A suspicious glint runs through Sister Julia’s eyes.
Goodness me. When did you get the authority to do something so daring, dear Sofurin?
I find myself shrinking back from this bizarre power she has about her.
Sofurin does not flinch.
I have the warden’s permission.
Furthermore, Number 0720 is from the Obscenity Ward—my jurisdiction.
If you have any problems with him, you come to me, not the prisoner.
I don’t know if it’s from her experience until now or her reconciliation with Noah granting her mental stability, but...
...she speaks shakily yet boldly to the other captain.
......
......
Pff, hahaha! Ahahaha! Hahaha!
Sister Julia then bursts out laughing.
Now, I can’t help but notice you have dear Hazuki with you too. Would you happen to know about this little rehabilitation?
She asks Yugao. She’s been watching the whole thing from beside Sofurin.
Me? I don’t know a thing about this, Julia.
She simply scoffs and looks away.
Sister Julia keeps on laughing.
Then there’s no problem. None at all, just me getting the wrong idea! Ahaha, sorry, sorry!
......
Come on, Number 0720, we’re going back to your cell!
She starts walking, dragging me behind her.
I... I told her off! I finally up and told her off right to her face!
Her heart beats so loud even I can hear it.
I turn back as subtly as I can, trying not to be noticed.
Heh, heh, heh.
Sister Julia is still smiling.
You really want to let him go?
We can afford to. He didn’t hear much of value.
Besides, even if a dear lost lamb came to know of the New Testament, what could they do about it? Now, more importantly...
Ahh, I knew it. I knew you could come—as if the promised land itself called out to you!
We could have no other savior, no messiah, no other one to lead us all and fill this world with smiles... Ahaha.
......
Ahahaha! Aha, ahaha, ahahaha!
(END)
So I think it would be safe to say at least fifty people are brainwashed.
I tell the members of Team 69 what I saw last night.
T-There are that many?
I was really surprised to see my coal mine team brainwashed. Even Mr. Bear.
Let’s actually think about it, though. Have you ever heard of a drug that can control that many people?
Can’t say I’ve seen anything like it in my time in the underworld, but it’s hard to argue with the facts.
Sofurin, when you got brainwashed, she showed you something, right?
Quit calling me that. And yeah, I remember being shown something. There was this white flash... Then, I might have hallucinated this, but...
No, I think she said something. What was it...? Oh, right.
Something like, ‘your conditioning is already done.’
So the preparation for her brainwashing had already been completed.
Most of the pawns are first and second-class prisoners too—the more skilled and talented ones.
A-And there’s a lot of manual labor workers too... l-like the coal miners.
Which means they’ve all got something in common.
This leads us to one conclusion:
Something... is definitely going on.
There’s some sort of mechanism that makes it easier for those prisoners to be brainwashed.
Something... is definitely going on.
Something huge is definitely going on.
Tch, where are they administering the drugs, anyway? Can we puzzle that out before they brainwash the whole prison...?
That doesn’t really matter.
What?
Oh yeah, Sofiya wasn’t here for last time.
It’s just like how I dealt with Sofurin’s rampage.
Y-Yeah, Shuichiro isn’t going to do something that roundabout.
I’m not trying to solve any fundamental problems.
Huh? W-What?
If reversing the brainwashing will both protect the Chief and achieve my goal...
We just need to find the stash of drugs and burn them all. That’s it.
Y-Yeah...?
They won’t be able to brainwash anyone else after that, and we’ll be hitting them where it hurts. Two birds with one stone.
Yeah.
Fire in the hole...!
Yeah.
B-But what about saving the people who are brainwashed now?
......?
I mean, we can’t just leave them there, can we? They’re being made to do things against their will!
......
If they’re dumb enough to get brainwashed... can’t we just leave them be?
Huh...?
Let’s just blast her drugs to smithereens and beat her down so bad she’ll never think of playing mind control games again.
N-Now we’re talkin’!
That insight of yours... that’s the right answer.
......
Hey, wait a second, I was brainwashed too.
O-Oh, well, I don’t mean to say that you’re stupid o-or anything!
Sound good, Chief?
It’s fine, I
The Chief lets out a heavy breath from her perch in the back.
Yeah. It ain’t like I can persuade the brainwashed, anyway.
She puts a hand to her cheek and nods.
I’ll leave the details to you, kid.
Understood.
With that, the operation to locate the drug stash begins in earnest.
All right, perverts, listen up! Today we’re doing a big clean-up of the island! Pick up the trash on the ground to cast out the trash in your mind!
As you may know, our island is blessed with convoluted currents, meaning that fishermen’s litter may naturally wash up on our shores! That’s where you come in!
Don’t even think about trying to run away just because you’ve got no cuffs on, either! Like I said, the currents are fierce and convoluted—they’ll just bring you right back if you try to swim!
Oh, and if you come across any obscene books or adults-only magazines, you are not to touch them under any circumstances! Think of them as live bombs, and alert an officer to handle it!
I repeat, you are absolutely forbidden from touching any pornographic books! Any adult books, we will deal with! If you touch any porno mags you find,
I always have the hardest time paying attention to what Officer Yamagishi says.
Right?
You there! What the fuck do you think you have your hands on?!
Today is one of those rare days where we get to leave the prison properly and do outside cleaning.
Huh? A plastic bottle? That was on the ground?
The prison has inmates go out once a month to pick up trash and keep the island clean.
This is no mere bottle—it’s packed with hardened corn starch inside, making it a classic homemade pocket pussy!
Much like the wall-painting, it’s volunteer work.
Y-You sure know a lot about this stuff, boss.
We asked Sofurin to sneak us into the lottery.
I’ve got a pretty good strategy if we’re looking for someone’s hiding place.
Noah’s the one who came up with the plan for sussing out where the stash is hidden.
It does work on the condition that Sister Julia is on some form of social media, though.
Social what now?
Think of it like the trash can of the internet.
She probably isn’t.
Oh, no, she is. We’re mutuals.
It looks like, conveniently, she’s on social media.
What’s she on?
Inst*gram.
......
......
I’m on Instagr*m!
What are you doing?
Look, I can’t just outright say it!
What, is it wrong for a guard to be on In*ta?! Everyone does it!
Sofurin, you... really are normal.
It’s good to be normal, damn it!
Okay, she’s online, good. So what we do is put beetles in front of all the rooms, both rhino and stag.
Rhino beetles.
Yeah. This is a social media op that was popular a while back—you’d put insects around on different dates, then keep monitoring their socials.
If they posted something like ‘I saw a rhino beetle!’ on the day you placed one, you can easily puzzle out their location.
......
That’s brilliant!
All right, it’s kind of funny, but...
...are people really going to go out of their way to snap a picture of a rhino beetle?
They absolutely would!
W-Whoa, what’s your problem?
We’re talking about the Japanese rhino beetle here! THE
All right, all right, sorry, I didn’t get it.
With that, we begin Operation Bug Bug.
Isumi.
Ego sum.
I-It’s been like ten years since I’ve left the prison.
She runs around the decaying ruins of the island like a puppy off her leash.
Feels s-so nice to be in nature!
Sure does.
I’m glad to see how much she’s enjoying herself.
A beetle!
N-No, that’s a cockroach.
Oh. Damn.
I saw so many underground!
Oh. Damn...
Stag and rhino beetles are surprisingly hard to find.
Officer.
Find porn?!
No, ma’am.
Then don’t bother me!
What happened to cleaning the island...?
I can’t find any rhino beetles.
Rhino beetles?
Don’t they only show up in... summer?
I resort to having Mr. Kugitani get us the bugs.
He’s... not here?
However, he’s absent from his usual spot.
The pull-up girl is, though, so I ask her where to go.
If not here, probably there today. Probably.
I head to where she directs me. He’s there.
I see him staring at the grass growing through the openings of cold iron.
What are you doing?
Ah, Exhibitiman. I’m looking for flowers and not having much luck. It’s not the best time for my hips, let me tell you.
You’re looking for flowers?
I have a perfect place in mind.
Even Mr. Kugitani is surprised at the sight when I take him to the Japanese garden.
They had a garden this fancy hidden away? I didn’t think anyone would have such a fondness for aesthetics they’d go and make one of these in our gray prison.
Pretty impressive, huh?
I feel proud like I’ve won one over on him.
Any tulips?
Tulips?
Ah, never mind, but... someone has to be behind how beautiful this spot is, so I’d feel bad to just take some.
It’s fine.
I pull out the blue flower planted on the very edge of the flowerbed.
I hear you want to pull out the near-wilted ones on the edges, since they’re too close to the other flowers, anyway. Something about proper spacing.
I’d been worried about how this is the only flower in the flowerbed that seems on the weaker side.
So I went and did some research in the library.
He smiles when I hand him the flower.
What’s it for?
He then turns south and places the flower atop the flowerbed there.
Mr. Kugitani puts his hands together and closes his eyes.
It’s the anniversary of someone really important to me’s passing. I wanted to at least offer some flowers to them.
......
He keeps his eyes closed for a while after that.
I decide to keep quiet, not wanting to interrupt him.
When he opens his eyes, his gaze is distant.
Do they have a grave on the other side?
Nah. I hear he was a loner all his life and was cremated by the state, so I’ve come to use this island as his gravestone.
I think that’s a good idea. If there’s one thing this island has a lot of, it’s stones.
He chuckles.
Thanks for letting me offer up a flower—it’s been a while, really. I think you’ve earned yourself a discount.
Perfect timing because there’s something I want you to get me.
If you can trust me, that is. Who’s to say Agatsuma doesn’t control me?
I trust you.
I remember one of the first things you told me—to trust people I wouldn’t mind lying to me.
He looks back at the flower bed and narrows his eyes pleasantly.
It’s almost spring.
There’s joy in his whisper.
......
That flower, it’s...
Hmph.
(END)
We are glued to social media, watching for any bug-related activity.
The timeline is... all Sofurin’s photos.
Photos of the sky...
Of latte art...
And... cats.
......
......
Let me post cats and stuff!
This is all Sofurin’s account is.
I-I think it’s fine! It’s just. Normal.
Yeah, it... is pretty normal.
Don’t hit me with a barrage of ‘normals!’
I think it’s pretty nice.
This photo really speaks to me! Tugs on the heartstrings! And I’m someone who’s been called emotionless ever since I was a kid!
And it’s really resonating with, well, someone.
She’s the exception!
Oh, there’s another genre here. ‘Kind of a funny face,’ huh?
Oh, I wanna see that!
Wait, no, don’t touch—
‘Opened a new face mask (happy-looking yellow person emoji) Gonna do my skincare, sleep early, and work hard tomorrow (yellow person) (yellow person)’
Look, just let me post my stuff!
I think it’s fine. It’s just a little lame...
Yeah... Just a little lame...
I thought it was kind of fun, okay!
I think it’s pretty nice.
Whoa, I’ve gotta use this face mask too! I’m gonna copy her as soon as I get outta prison!
You’ve got influence too.
I don’t... dislike this!
You could be an influe—
No!
Wait, there’s actually a completely different type of post here.
Really?! One that’s not the sky or latte art or a cat or a really shitty facial expression?!
I will end you!
Er, l-let’s see...
‘My Lapras doll big enough to sit finally made it (yellow person holding heart emoji). I can’t wait to surf with this big guy this summer! (Weird emoji) (Weird emoji)’
I’ve always wanted one, okay?!
I think it’s fine... It’s pretty cute.
Yeah. It is pretty cute.
I was planning on buying it when I got my bonus!
I think it’s pretty nice.
No way, there is
And, well, someone wants to be buried with it.
I’m never letting you use my tablet again!
Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like there are any posts about our beetles.
Isumi seems to have finally gotten the hang of modern technology (well, it’s a few generations behind) and shakily swipes through screens on the tablet.
I-I’m looking at Sister Julia’s posts too, but... there’s not much here.
‘Red wine night tonight—I opened a 1996 bottle of Rothschild. The graceful tannin massages the tongue, with a delightful aftertaste. It truly is my lucky year. (Photo of a glass on a high table.)’
Looks expensive.
That’s a ‘96. It’ll run you a hundred thousand easy.
‘A renaissance of white since yesterday; tonight’s glass was a blanc. There’s a spice to it—a velvety texture and an erotic taste. (Photo of glass, acqua pazza, and right eye barely in frame.)’
She sure does drink a lot.
You can talk like that, Isumi?
She opens bottles of wine every night with such reckless abandon that we guards think she’s probably alcoholic.
Real gulpin’ and goin’...
Hey, wait, that’s my...
If she posts every evening, I can’t imagine her not posting a stag or rhino beetle if she saw one.
You... you think so...?
We just need to stick with it longer and look a bit harder.
So, I decide to go to the SST for help when it comes to spreading the beetles.
So I should just leave these beetles in places?
There are some places I can’t get to through the duct route, so I’ve hit my limit... Here you go.
Eep!
I didn’t think you’d try to hand them to me!
Commander Ohtabe flinches back a bit when I try to hand her the bugs in my pocket.
Don’t like beetles?
I was fine with them when I was little since Seiran Island has a lot of bugs, but...
...Somebody once slathered honey all over the chest of one of of my old bosses... and then tied her to a tree. All these bugs started to swarm over her b-breasts...
......!
I’m impressed at just how far they would go in pursuit of the sexual.
They really don’t mess around in utopia...!
......
She picks up one of the beetles timidly.
Then, she observes it closely, turning the writhing bug on its back.
Mashiro... Ah, there’s this girl in the SST who’s really good with dirt and bugs and stuff, so I’ll leave it to her. Stealth is her strong suit too. She’s perfect.
Please and thank you.
I notice the flowers in the flowerbed are on the verge of falling over again.
Come to think of it, Yugao helped me out when I was running from Sister Julia.
She did?
I decide to tidy up the soil and water them.
Any connection with her nowadays will get you laughed at or misunderstood.
So she might just be... ignoring you on purpose, to avoid making trouble for you.
......
But she can... make as much trouble as she wants for me...
Hwahhh... God, I always get so sleepy around this hour!
I thought all I’d have to do as oracle is sit on my ass, but them dragging me out in all hours of the night has really been making me lose out on my Z’s.
Hm? I recognize those dumb faces... What are those little turds up to this time?
Hey, kid, I gotta say. Don’t you think this whole beetle plan is kind of a miss?
But I would definitely post one if I saw one.
Heheh, looks like these rubes are getting cock and ball tortured with whatever.
To review: We placed rhino beetles in this region a week ago to no effect, stag beetles here five days ago, and rhino beetles around the cell wards three days ago.
Okay, it’s all kind of mixed up and confusing now.
Go on, do your little playground tricks and schemes. You’re never going to find where we’ve hidden the stuff.
Y-You should try writing when you’re confused like that. Looking at the letters helps you organize.
I’ll give it a try.
Be careful handling the stuff you write out too.
Besides, she doesn’t play nice or cute. When she goes for it, she goes hard and violent. Good luck, darlings.
We’re going to find the stash no matter what. We can do this.
We WILL do this!
......
Rin, are you listening? I sent you the money the way you asked, so make sure you don’t make trouble for anyone!
Huh? Oh, right, definitely.
Is... something the matter, Rin?
How... How’s, you know, our brother doing?
Hm? Oh, he’s doing fine. He’s just about an A first-year now, and he’s eager to join the FS come next year!
Why do you ask?
Ah, it’s nothing. Just hurry up and get me my money, okay? Because unlike you, I’m a busy woman!
Tch.
......
Dear Hinako.
Like Isumi suggested, I’m writing this journal to organize my thoughts.
Some time has passed since Sofurin’s reign of terror.
There is, however, still danger in the air in Tulip Prison.
The mood is calm. A lot calmer than it was during Sofurin’s tyranny.
That is a façade.
Some prisoners have stopped listening to the guards entirely.
Don’t make me repeat myself: you’ve all been placed under cell arrest for possession of contraband and are not permitted to go anywhere but your workplaces. You can’t go to chapel!
I’m afraid I have my baptism today, so I refuse. That is because I have my baptism today.
Hey, freeze! You’re to keep absolutely still when speaking to an officer! One more move and I’ll—
We must hear the word of the lord. No matter how crowded it gets, no matter how much we’re sardines in a can...
Did you not hear me? I said freeze!
Oh... so you WILL hit us.
Ghk!
They don’t seem to feel pain and hitting them gets us nowhere.
Eh... SST, detain this man!
Hn!
Get ready to spend a week in solitary, all of you!
We are readily ready.
......?!
F-For we have... d-divine protection.
They aren’t afraid of being sent to solitary in the slightest.
With no fear of punishment comes the ability to resist authority.
Having nothing to lose, these prisoners are essentially invincible.
That’s quite enough, dears. Can we leave it at that?
Missing tonight’s service won’t bring the wrath of the lord on you. Pray where you are, dears, for he will be watching you.
Ohh, words like soothing rain upon my ears!
It feels as though my life is being washed, my soul rinsed!
They always listen to Sister Julia, however, and follow her orders to the T.
I must say, however, the solitary is too harsh a punishment. Allow me to shepherd these lambs—you don’t have a problem with that, do you, dear Sofurin?
Wait, no, I was the one who found the infraction!
That may be the case, but what choice do we have? Ahaha, these two, they simply won’t listen to you, dear.
Gh...!
Sister Julia holds all the cards.
There are plenty of other strange goings-on, too.
Your... teeth?
They really hurt.
T-That’s something you want to tell the doctor during an appointment... There’s n-not much I can do about it.
I think I have a cavity.
I-I said there’s not much I can do about it! Not much more than tell you t-to brush your teeth or whatever!
When’s the next time the dentist will visit?
Y-You know, you coming to tell me is just funny, more than anything! L-Like, you expect me to care how much pain you’re in? M-Music to my ears, really!
When’s he coming?!
Even when I’m enjoying a pleasant conversation on off-hours, I feel someone watching me.
......
Snff! Nnn! W-Why do I have to get yelled at...? I-I hope you die of cavities!
Even when simply living my life, I feel like I’m under surveillance.
Prisoners, I think, are most closely watched by those closest to them: other prisoners.
......
If she already has over a hundred lackeys in her thrall, placed all around the prison...
...then there can be no question that Sister Julia controls the facility.
Last lesson, we spoke about situational criminals. This lesson, we will speak about those defined as innate criminals.
Still, I have lessons with Warden Mizushiro.
I trust you remember our talk about genes. Unlike situational types, whose upbringing and societal factors drive them to crime, those with criminal genes cannot help but commit criminal acts.
One could say, unfortunately, that they are simply destined to commit crime.
The warden’s topics are often difficult to understand, so I have to listen really hard.
Tulip Prison is, in itself, the site of an immense experiment.
If we could lock away the innate criminals—if we could detect and isolate criminal genes...
...then, in theory, we could erase crime from the world.
So you determine how long you lock people up with their criminality coefficient... and have a box ready for those who can’t be rehabilitated in the form of the Damned Ward?
You truly are a flexible thinker.
I always feel so happy when the warden praises me.
It took quite some time for this idea to be accepted. I imagine there are still many who hate me, especially after all my jousts with the Minister of Justice.
Yet through it all, I completed the facility we sit in now—a petri dish to right the wrongs of the world.
I feel a warmth similar to when you’re pleased with me, Hinako.
If it really is possible to puzzle out the criminal genes, I think that’s an efficient method way to do it.
Indeed. I think this is no dream, myself.
It looks like she’s thought a lot of this through.
Can I ask a question?
I decided to voice something on my mind.
Has anyone else taken this program, ma’am?
She answered me, her tone incredibly cold.
There was. Unfortunately, he was unable to meet my expectations.
I phoned the warden once.
She has some business she couldn’t postpone and told me to give my reports over the phone.
Hello?
Hi there! I’m Mizushiro!
A little girl answered.
Is Warden Mizushiro... Himeko Mizushiro around right now?
Yeah, just hold on!
Gramma! Phone!
Oh, thank you, Yahime.
I think it’s someone from work! Were you busy?
Oh, not at all, dear. I’m here because I want to be.
Hello? Is this Shuichiro Minato?
The business was your granddaughter?
Indeed, she had a piano recital, so I made sure to take the day off.
It sounds like even Iron Lady Mizushiro is a kindly grandmother at home.
And when phoning the home of a superior, you ask if they are ‘available,’ not simply ‘around.’
Yes, ma’am.
She’s as harsh to me as ever, though.
She’s a cute kid.
She really is... and I had planned to have more grandchildren, really.
That was how I first learned that one of Warden Mizushiro’s daughters had been the victim of a crime.
The charges were rape and assault. My second daughter still can’t move her legs nor can she speak.
This seems to be the reason she hates crime so much.
A large amount of fictional rape pornography was found in the criminal’s house. He said he wished to try the same thing.
He was mentally unstable and managed to make his return to society a few years later, but... I’m certain he’s found himself in another prison by now.
At the end of the day, I think that the warden isn’t a bad person even though she’s harsh.
If I can make prisons to hold and quarantine innate criminals from society, I can make a world my grandchildren can live in without worry.
Because I can feel just how much she cares about her daughters and grandchildren.
This is also deeply connected to the foe you now face.
She’s told me that she’s been studying Sister Julia for years.
Captain Agatsuma is only one step away from criminality.
Though the word psychopath has long held a negative connotation, it is also said that those who truly succeed in society always have elements of psychopathy in them.
It is said that children with lower resting heart rates have a higher rate of committing crimes later in life.
There is, however, research that shows that if those children possess pro-social talents, their ability to act without fear often leads them to great success.
Apparently, the theory needs more data.
Now, in a way, one could say that you and Captain Agatsuma are very similar.
She says we’re basically the same type.
And I must say, I am very interested in seeing what side of the spectrum you two end up on.
I don’t fully understand what she’s getting at, but we have our deal. I’m going to follow through.
The beetle operation is going.
I think we should check around the cafeteria today.
Yeah...
Unfortunately, not all that much is getting done. We’re not any closer to the hiding place.
Ah!
One of the stag beetles flew away in the middle of setting it.
It landed on Ozawa. Having seemed to take a liking to his collarbone, it stuck there.
It’ll either run off on its own, or he’ll notice it during laundry and toss it away.
Josephine...
Having grown fond of bugs underground, Isumi is sad to see the beetle go.
All right, none of you move a muscle! Hands behind your backs and on the ground, now!
Around then, Officer Yamagishi barged into our room while we were working on our game.
We got a hot tip that you’re making a super pervy game here!
Sexual and sexual-adjacent activity is strictly forbidden in the prison, and I won’t let you pretend you don’t know!
Since she happened to rush in exactly when Sofurin was absent, she wouldn’t listen to a word we said.
All right, let’s see those hard drives! Now!
Here you go, ma’am.
Luckily for us, Noah had set up a flawless contingency.
A picture of a... cicada?
Making pictures of cicadas won’t get us punished, right?
Cicada... Let’s think, cicadas...
Cicadas leave husks, husks... hump...? Or something condom-based? Dammit, I’ve got nothing!
Even a genius of turning anything into a dirty joke like Officer Yamagishi came up dry on that one.
Like a lifeless husk, she left the room, defeated.
Now that’s a shock. What kind of magic’d you pull to hide the game data?
Even Mr. Kugitani was impressed by Noah’s skill.
So Noah always keeps the data divided into a hundred parts that are shared across multiple computers in a local network, hiding them through diffusion.
What does any of that mean?
I have no idea.
I had no idea, but I understood that she was working really hard to keep it all hidden.
Is it really a good idea to cut it up so fine, like an onion? What if you can’t find it? Hell, I wouldn’t be able to remember where everything is.
That’s what the cicada picture is for.
Shuichiro, have you ever heard of Cicada 3301?
Nope.
Cicada 3301? What’s that?
It’s this cryptograph that was popular on an English anon board a few years back. Someone posted a picture of a cicada with a challenge to ‘solve the puzzle.’
Noah opened that picture with a text editor instead of a picture viewer.
Hey, there are letters!
See how it says CAESAR here? There’s this thing called a Caesar cipher, and if you shift this line of characters like so...
11, C: user... something or other.
There’s two.
It’s saying that the next message is in the indicated directory of the eleventh PC, one of the ones we don’t use. Then, we use the codebook in the other PC to decipher it.
Hey, a list of all the divided data’s hiding places popped up.
It looked to be set up so it won’t unzip properly unless you gather all one hundred pieces.
Noah updates it at the end of each work session and has set up a macro to make all our work data disappear with the touch of a button.
The real thing had phone numbers involved, global GPS data, new coded messages located at the coordinates... but, well, we don’t have to go that far.
You’ve thought of everything.
It’s just insurance. If, say, I get sick and keel over or happen to forget.
She tapped at her head.
Don’t worry, though. I generally never forget what I want to remember.
And that’s how it happened.
A cipher, huh? I like that sound of that. It’s like puzzle-solving—exciting stuff.
You like ciphers?
They only let you do crossword puzzles in here, and you can’t write the answers straight on the paper. That gets you yelled at. Not that I’d know, but... that’s a clever scheme you came up with.
He seemed very impressed.
I’ll cook you up a cipher quiz later, then.
Now that I’ll look forward to. If you spend as much time as I have in the joint, you start seeing the fun in everything.
(END)
