Ah?!
I wake up to find myself lying on an examination table.
Oh! Finally awake, young man? You were asleep for so long, I was starting to get worried! Just let me...
Doctor Higuchi?
How are you feeling? Oh, hang on, touch foreheads with me a sec.
Hmm? Nope, can’t tell. Feels like a weak fever now, if one at all! Ah, to be young and heal that fast... something one past thirty like me can never know again...
She starts shaking the thermometer.
I mean, the Spanish flu spread a lot in the trenches, right? They should probably make temperature checks mandatory down there.
This all means, then, that I got carried to the medical ward. I didn’t end up back in the mine.
Were you having a bad dream? You were tossing and turning like nobody’s business.
I was.
Yeah? What of?
A dream about... sports day.
Sports day, huh?
I always have this nightmare when I’ve got a fever over thirty-eight...
......
They tell me to go defender because I’m useless, and this ball goes through my legs...
It’s all right, you don’t have to say another word. Sounds like you really went through it.
Doctor Higuchi strokes my head.
She’s so kind.
Looks like you REALLY went through it. You’re beat up as they come.
It’s not that bad.
But you’ve got a bone fracture in your left arm.
......!
That’s what the radiologist said.
So it really... was cracked?
So that’s why it hurt so much.
Listen, she’s not a... bad person. Or shouldn’t be.
Captain Shikolenko?
Yeah. It just seems like you’re, you know, a bad combination.
Why does Sofurin have it out for me in particular? Why is she so harsh?
I figure there has to be some kind of reason.
Well, since you’re such a hard worker, you get two candies.
With no cardiogram? Are you sure?
Don’t worry, I took it while you were asleep. Anyway, you’re looking at cola-flavored and soda-flavored, and I recommend having them both at once. It’ll put a real smile on your face.
She pulls out two big candies from her left and right hands like she’s doing a magic trick.
You’re on a pretty tough path in life, but there’s something I want you to remember.
It’s not all enemies out there. You’ve got people on your side.
My life as a coal miner goes on for a few weeks after that.
36.1! Healthy. Proceed to the mine!
They take your temperature before you go down to the mine ever since I collapsed.
Preventative measures. With how cramped the tunnels are down there, disease would spread in the blink of an eye.
I get on the elevator. I get on the cart. I get on the conveyor belt.
I get to the tunnel we’re working on. The edge.
Hey, Minato! How’s that rock?!
I’m about to smash it.
Forem’n, I’m borrowing the pick hammer, since the dig in the third tunnel’s going real smooth!
Grab it and get going! All right, Bear Team, we’re moving the boom-type! Roadheader, vor!
D-Damn it, this thing just won’t move!
The newbie is pushing—or attempting to push—a supply cart.
The deeper you get into a mine, the more you have to reinforce the tunnel with support beams and pillars.
The mine generally uses concrete, but we have to do basic repairs on our own.
Which is why we take supplies from the personnel conveyor belt and have to carry them over here.
Let me do it. Hrrah!
Aaand there we go! Looks about right. Now the ceiling won’t fall on us.
W-Wow... You young bucks really have some strength to you, huh? Really makes me feel the ravages of age...
I feel a lot more used to working down here than I did.
I’d get worn out after an hour in my early days, but now, I can keep digging until lunch without issue.
Whoa?! W-What was that sound?!
Oh, that? Just methane gas density going over safe levels.
Methane gas? Isn’t that stuff a big health risk?!
Sure is.
Gyah! What was that noise?
Ah, right. The slightest spark’ll set the tunnel ablaze, so we turn off the lights to keep the fireworks at bay.
You sure everything’s all together down here?!
Just put on a carbon monoxide filter mask. You’ll be fine.
I put the gas mask-like device over my mouth and wait for the gas density to fall.
Humans are surprisingly adaptable creatures.
All right, gang, back to work! Let’s give it a good last shot until the shift’s over!
Yeahhh!|Urahh!|Gyahh!
Nowadays when we return to the surface, the miners have to go through a simple inspection.
Today, I smashed a rock this big.
Me, I found two ammonite fossils.
We’re always covered in dust.
Sofurin, of course, is waiting as she always does.
Today she’s right in front of the elevator.
You’ve got some nerve, wearing a mask before your officer on duty! Take it off!
Yes, ma’am.
Pfff.
The mask kept the dust from around my mouth, so it’s left a clear impression on my face.
Oh, you think you’re a real... pff, wise g—
Is something the matter?
You got some dust on me! Insubordination, plus 0.001 points! Now, drop and give me a hundred!
I stretch my legs and get into the push-up position.
Do it in five minutes! If you’re even a second l—
Done.
What?
Done.
Then give me a hundred squats. I want that ass near the ground!
Done.
Two hundred back extensions!
Yes, ma’am.
Ten minute plank!
Easy.
Five hundred pullups!
Did you say something, ma’am?
The past few weeks seem to have forged me well.
Her demands are easy even after a hard day in the mine.
What’s next?
Sofurin’s face gradually grows redder.
You... insolent little shit...
Yet the dark bags under her eyes are as clear as ever.
It’s my day off.
It feels like forever since the last time I had a break from my coal-covered labors.
They let me into the library during breaks or days off.
There are plenty of books to read, but anything with any form of sexual content or expression is heavily restricted.
Even the most normal of books will have paragraphs or whole pages blacked out with marker if the contents are deemed inappropriate.
A cookbook, huh?
Cookbooks are popular in Tulip Prison.
With food being as heavily restricted as it is in here, all we can do is find satisfaction in photos and the amount of sugar listed.
The next most popular genre is animal books.
God, look at this African elephant, look at the line running down the top of his head down his nose... My horny ass could NOT go on a safari.
Look at those udders... They’re almost out of their lactation period, but they’re still so fucking ripe. God, what a slutty cow...!
Even the non-zoophiles find themselves grumbling sexually at the books.
You were lusting after photos of the Yucatan black howler’s hairy buttocks again, weren’t you?! Looks like we’ll have to black out some more animal photos again!
Unlike the outside, you find sexual excitement in the smallest things here in Tulip Prison.
The number of books you can borrow is determined by your prisoner rank, and lesser prisoners can’t borrow a single one.
Found it. A dictionary.
So if I want to look up words I’m curious about, I have to do it here.
Inhumed... Buried; dead.
Perhaps there aren’t too many other prisoners seeking to read in the library, or perhaps the guards are too annoying for them to deal with. Either way, the tables are quite empty.
......
I notice someone and hide in the shadows.
......
Sofurin is sitting in a seat in the corner.
She’s writing something, running her pen over her tablet.
Subject continues to take a rebellious attitude, showing no signs of rehabilitation. Further education is required...
She seems to be writing a report about me.
Any officer monitoring a lesser prisoner has to write a report every week.
It’s a labor-intensive process that they tend to avoid or skip out on, but it looks like I’m a rare case.
I elect to leave before she notices me.
The sky is cloudy today.
I don’t think there’s been a single sunny day since I got incarcerated.
It’s always dim and dreary above. I figure the position of the island is to blame.
It always feels like it’s about to rain, but almost never does.
Even if the weather won’t be good for a while, it probably won’t be bad, either.
I do hope you find it, Shuichiro.
Me too, Amatsu.
There’s another thing I’m looking for.
I don’t know where it is, so I have to visit everywhere I think it might be.
Hey! Shuichiro!
Oh, Ozawa.
I trot over to the familiar face.
A small figure pops out from behind him.
Hey there, kid. Been a while, huh? You never come to visit, so I figured I’d come pay you one of my own.
Chief...
How about a bow of respect, man? It’s not like you’ve never met before.
I’m... the type who gets shy when it comes to reunions.
Don’t give us that look. Anyway, how ’bout a thank you? The Chief took time outta her busy schedule to see you.
I truly... thank you.
Enough, Ozawa. He isn’t yakuza. No need to force him into our etiquette.
She chuckles and looks up at me.
I’ve got to say, kid, you sure have bulked up.
Have I?
Yeah, you look twice as big if I’m not just seeing things.
You know, my uniform has been feeling a little tight lately.
For breakfast and dinner, coal miners are given a special ration called the “miner’s lunchbox.”
It’s a good fifty percent bigger than the A-set meant for those who work on their feet, and it’s just what the body craves with how brutal labor down in the mine is.
You really think so?!
H-Hey, personal space!
Check this out! I’ve got actual muscles!
Heh, not as much as me! Get a load of these abs, man!
A six-pack! I wish I had one of those!
Heheheh. I’ll never know why guys are so stuck on muscles.
I’ve built muscle and started to make more progress in work.
I’ve already hit 107% on the month’s mining quota, too.
No longer do I stay up for all hours of the night like I used to on the outside. I get too tired for that.
I’ve gotten a little taller, too.
Well, aren’t you lucky, kid? Some of us are too old for that.
A good boy is a growing boy.
Can you stop giving me that look?
A good boy doesn’t do things to get a deputy warden on his ass, though, does he?
I look to Ozawa.
He shakes his head. She didn’t hear it from him.
I’ve got a wide network. Looks like she’s really putting the squeeze on you, huh?
I have unfortunate attention on me.
When you do wrong, you get punished. I do admire the rebellious spirit, though.
She gives me a noogie.
She’s probably complimenting me, but she sure isn’t holding back on the force.
If this has got you beat, it’s time to be the good boy you’re talking about.
She’s stronger than Ozawa.
Anyway, kid, what’re you doing out here? Skulking around is just going to get you punished again.
I’m looking for something.
Yeah? Well, I’ll lend you a hand since you’re such a good kid. Let’s hear it.
When I tell her what I’m after, the Chief takes me over to a certain building.
I recognize it as the place she called me out to before, the “rehabilitation center.”
We step in and approach the prisoner-manned reception desk at the front.
Oh.
Eep!
It’s Crappymori.
What the hell, Crappymori?! This is where you’ve been hiding out this whole time?!
Oh, when I got out of solitary, t-they said I wasn’t a good fit for the laundry room! B-But since I’m, you know, such a hard worker, they made an exception and put me here!
Well, they sent me to the goddamn coal mine!
A brutal difference.
T-This is the fruit of all my hard work! I-I only did that stuff because I was threatened—it’s not my fault! None of it is my fault!
Come off it, both of you. What say we just let sleeping dogs lie? How about it, missy?
The Chief takes a step forward, holding up a hand to signal us to stop.
Anyway, there’s something I’d like to borrow. Think you can hook me up?
Oh, er, b-but...
Just bring it out. We all want to avoid trouble here, right?
B-But you need permission to...
Do you think I’m asking?
But, w-well...
OUT WITH IT, NOW!|H-Here it is, ma’am!
This is how we negotiate in the grown-up world.
Brute force.
Man, when the Chief yells... damn.
Yakuza really are scary.
So, kid, what’re you going to use this for?
Thank you.
I’d been looking for cellophane tape.
I pull out a big strip and fold it into itself.
I’m trying to fix a photograph.
Oh... Damn. I can guess who did that.
Yeah. Sofurin.
I stick the pieces together.
It takes a lot of time, but it comes together better than I expected.
My sister and her modest smile return.
Phew. This was the only one I had.
Shuichiro...
......
The guards think I’ve thrown it away, so they shouldn’t notice if I hold onto it for a while.
In the future, I’ll have to hide it somewhere they’ll never find it.
Like in, say, my anus.
Man, the guards here are harsh, but that’s not somethin’ they’d normally do. And if you don’t do something soon, dude... you’re really in the shitter.
I agree, but there’s nothing I can do. Not now.
I’m up against a guard. Not just any guard, but a top dog: a captain.
She has my life in her hands, and there’s not a thing I can do about it.
What kind of person is Sofurin, anyway?
Good question. Let me put it simply: she thinks us prisoners are worth less than the dirt we stand on.
To her, sex criminals aren’t human. She’s not too different from the other guards in that sense; most baton-wielders here think like that. The big difference is...
She’s got too much authority to deal with.
I like a smart kid.
She’s probably really been through it in the past. Most of the COs here have, and that’s why they don’t treat us as human. Why they go too far sometimes.
I think of the way she looks at me.
The way her eyes are so darkened and cold. That past of hers is probably why.
There’s a system for sending in complaints, right? Can’t he just use that?
Tulip Prison has a system of request sheets that you can fill out asking for improvements on issues with the facility.
I hear you can use it to complain if you’re being treated unfairly. But, well.
That isn’t going to work. Think about who you’re going up against. You get it, right?
You need to make the request to the officer in charge of you.
To ask a guard—a captain, no less—to turn in a complaint about herself makes little sense.
Then just apologize or something, man! I dunno what you did, but you don’t even gotta mean it!
I cannot do that.
Giving Sofurin a meaningless apology is something I absolutely cannot do.
Why not, man?! If this keeps up, you’re dead!
Sofurin is trying to cross a line with me.
It’s small, but something I find very important.
Dignity thing, huh?
Dignity?
I’m talking about pride, kid.
Pride.
Yeah. My dignity.
If someone steps over the last line I’ve got.
I won’t forgive them, no matter who they are.
I will crush them.
Talk about stubborn, man... Well, don’t come crying to me if you end up dead!
Most people don’t cross my line. I don’t get angry too much.
Heh! That so, king?
Only you’ve gone that far before, Ozawa.
Hahaha! Good spirit, but getting a guard into solitary’s a pretty tough task.
The Chief laughs like she finds it hilarious.
But with how hard you’re working, you should at least get some kickbacks from the labor incentive program.
Her tone is rough, and her hand is in her jacket pocket.
Incentive program?
How about looking into it yourself if you’re curious?
She won’t tell me the details.
Still, it feels like good advice.
I’m a mediator. I may be an inmate, but I’m something of a correctional officer myself. I’ve got to keep the balance somehow, so this is all you’re getting from me.
Now whether you want to draw in this shootout, that’s up to you. If you’re the last man standing, well... Heh.
How ’bout I let you cop a feel of this chest?
......?!
Wait. Has the Chief fallen for me?!
How ’bout it, kid? Feel a little motivated?
Sure do.
Very, very motivated.
Because, to be honest—I love boobs.
(END)
Today’s dinner is fish.
Fish... is great.
Fresh fish is a rarity in the prison, so I’ve been excited ever since I saw it on the menu.
I put my tray on the table and pull a paper from my pocket.
The prison labor incentive program...
The average prisoner is rank three, with rank four being for “lesser” prisoners like myself.
Then there are the model prisoners, those that are ranks two and one.
Apparently, you get promoted from your daily conduct and doing your job well.
Those who achieve prodigious results, the paper says, are promoted to rank two.
Prodigious... results.
There’s no more detail than that, so I guess that it’ll take more than clocking in to get a promotion.
There being no recipient of this award in the past five years speaks volumes to how difficult it is.
The rewards are, however, great.
Not only does it improve your score, but you get the privilege of taking a rehabilitation program.
They also grant you one request, within considerable caveats and conditions.
Any hardworking, upstanding prisoner would want this award.
Doing some window shopping, are we?
I look up.
There is Sofurin, towering over me with derision in her eyes.
Who said you could read flyers during dinner? That’s another 0.004 points!
I have no idea how many years I’m in for anymore.
I’ll also forbid you from touching this flyer again. Don’t give yourself false hope.
Why is that, ma’am?
Because I would rather die than have you sully the award’s honor.
There are plenty of other officers around.
Don’t you backtalk me!
She slams her fist onto the table.
My tray flips over, spilling my food onto the ground.
The room grows silent.
Many eyes are on me.
Pick it up.
......
Pick it up, now!
I crouch down and start scrounging up the scattered wheat rice.
Since the miso soup has spilled all over the ground, I need to wipe it down with my uniform.
Finally, I reach out to my favorite: the sliced fish.
She crushes it with her heel.
Insubordination! Plus 0.005 points! Drop and give me two hundred, then a hundred and fifty squats!
I don’t think I get angry that much.
Your mind is rotten to the core.
That’s why I’m training you. Beating the freak out of you. Guiding you down the right path! This is the punishment you deserve!
People can play their tricks on me. They can try to make my day worse. If there’s no real danger, though, I ignore it.
Yet not only do you show no signs of improvement, you keep talking back to me! Why won’t you just do as I say?!
Yet here you are, dreaming of winning a labor award? Don’t make me laugh!
I can take unfair corporal punishment too.
Think about it for a few seconds! How could a streaker who speaks with his own genitals even hope to be lauded for his work?!
I don’t even mind the needlessly frequent masturbation inspections.
Your penis talks? Ridiculous! That’s not a mouth, that’s a meatus! Or, what, do the wrinkles on your scrotum look like a tongue?!
You want to tear up my journal and photo of my dear sister? Go ahead. I can take it.
And you call it your friend? Have you lost your mind? Has all humanity and reason left you?!
Stomp on my favorite food right in front of me? I can take that too.
Having a conversation with a silent penis is something only a deranged pervert would do, you sick freak!
This, however.
What’s gotten into you?
This is the one thing I can’t let slide.
I didn’t give you permission to stand. Stay the fuck down!
Mockery of my friend...
I said stay down! You haven’t finished your push-ups yet!
Do not mock Amatsu.
...is the one thing I won’t tolerate.
Excuse me?
He’s the first friend I ever made.
You’ve got to be kidding me. You mean to say the imaginary friend between your legs up and said hello one day?
He did.
That means you’re insane! You’ve lost it! Your twisted lusts have poisoned your brain!
Amatsu has always been there for me.
Have you not seen normal, healthy people on the outside? Where, pray tell, were the men talking to their penises? The women enjoying conversations with their vaginas?!
While everyone abandoned me, he kept on giving me advice. Showing me the path I should walk on. Should live on.
If you get back into society, you’re just going to offend again! You’ll be a societal cancer, hurting the innocent—that’s why you need to be rehabilitated!
Amatsu is my friend.
The way you are now, you cause harm to others just by living! You need to understand that!
So if you’re going to minimize him, to deny him his existence...
Just shut up and listen to us!
Then I will make you apologize to him!
......
After you’ve acknowledged his existence.
Hmph. It looks like there’s no getting through to you.
I’ve got a line I won’t let anyone cross, and you did.
Then I’ll have to make sure you never leave. Plus 0.003 points.
You’ve gone far further than any human should.
‘Human,’ he says! Don’t talk like one! Plus 0.005 points.
No matter who it is that crosses that line, I’ll never forgive them.
Plus 0.009 points.
I don’t care how important your post is or where you run off to. I’ll track you down, and I’ll show you.
Plus 0.02 points...!
Show you that if anyone mocks my friend and denies his existence...
Plus 0.06 points!
...that they’re going to get the punishment they deserve.
Hn...!
I will kill you.
I told you to shut that insolent mouth!
She immediately draws the shotgun from her shoulder.
I lose consciousness a split second after she pulls the trigger.
I wake up to find myself in a bed in the medical ward.
The covers and mattress are nice and soft—a world of difference from my damp cell bed.
Did Dr. Higuchi lay me down?
The doctor’s out. She went to report how banged up you were to the captain.
Mr. Kugitani?
Sitting up in the bed next to me as he flips through a book is the prison’s information broker.
I’ve got some really rough arthritis and come around here when it gets bad. The beds are pretty comfortable, huh?
It is very soft and nice.
I reach out and do that prison greeting with my fist.
I was watching from afar, and I’ve got to say, you really put on a show. I couldn’t make out what you were telling her, though—what’d you say?
‘I will kill you.’
After a stunned look, Mr. Kugitani bursts out laughing.
Not a bad finishing line, but it doesn’t fit Tulip Prison too well. That’s why you got done in.
It doesn’t fit well?
Yeah. You want something with a little more pizazz to it.
Pizazz.
Wit, you know.
What do you think I should have said?
Well, something like... ‘I’ll bury you,’ or ‘I’m putting you in the fuckin’ ground,’ or ‘rub a last one out, baby, ’cause I’m endin’ you,’ or the like.
Fuckin’... bury... baby... Inh... Hmm.
You’ll probably end up killed before you can shoot out your line, though. Knocked out and fast asleep like a baby, with no one to change your diaper when you shit yourself. Right?
Right.
I’d never had a riot shotgun pointed at me before.
Getting hit with the pellets directly, I have to say they’re pretty powerful.
Normally, though, people can’t move for a good three days after getting hit with one of those. You sure you’re all right?
Yeah. It really hurts, but I’m fine.
That’s what training in the mines has gotten me.
Still, I don’t think I deserved a shotgun to the chest.
Sofurin pulled the trigger. I saw her do it.
Her hate for me is only growing by the day.
No one’s died in this prison yet from a guard making a mistake. It would really be something if one did.
But that’s all it would be: something. A guard or two would be forced to quit and then all would be forgiven.
All my death would lead to is a number on some paper going up or down by one.
I need to stay alive.
Anyway, you’re going to want to think some more before you act, otherwise you’ll have a real tough time surviving down here.
With that, he turns his back to me.
You’re going back?
Yeah. It’s about time, and the good doctor said I could leave when you woke up.
He opens the curtains, and light, a color between white and yellow, pours in.
Mr. Kugitani turns back to me.
I don’t know if this’ll be much comfort to you, but... I’ve got word from the Hatae Clan’s chief.
A message from the Chief?
Hold on a little longer, she says.
Looks like the two know each other.
The Chief is the main representative for the prisoners, and Mr. Kugitani is the procurer of supplies. It makes sense.
Hold on?
She probably means that if you keep at it like a good worker bee and grow, something interesting just might happen. Anyway, take care.
With that, he leaves the room.
What do you think she means, Amatsu?
I can’t tell, but... The Chief likely sees something we don’t, Shuichiro.
If Amatsu doesn’t know, then I have no hope of piecing it together.
In that case, it would be most rational not to waste any time thinking about it.
Thanks for standing up for me, Shuichiro.
What are friends for?
I’d stiffened up and couldn’t say anything, so I’m glad you spoke up for me.
That’s to be expected, Amatsu. Stiffening up is what you do.
Haha, you always know just what to say, Shuichiro.
We have a charming conversation and share smiles.
How difficult it is to trust someone.
I trusted before and paid the price for it.
It will probably take some more time to become a better judge of character.
However.
......
Hold on a little longer.
I think I can trust the Chief a little bit.
(END)
It’s raining cats and dogs the next day.
The fierce downpour smashes against the cheap concrete, echoing into the underground.
There’s a storm up top.
All right, Obscenity Ward freaks, listen up! Split into groups of four and grab the storm boards out of the storeroom!
This area sees a lot of storms.
When harsh rains come around, this island and its foundation of old buildings really suffer.
That’s why we’ve got this emergency system, see? Guards and prisoners work together to minimize the damage and stuff.
Oh yeah?
We board up the workstations to make sure they don’t collapse, and we do maintenance on the underground cells, vulnerable to leakage.
Women that can go outside, get yourselves ready! Can any of you do manual labor?!
I don’t know how much I can help, but I think I could take getting soaked by rain...
Hah! You’re all about getting soaked, aren’t you, you slut? Stay inside and stay safe!
Huh? I appreciate it, but...
Officer Yamagishi is very busy this morning.
Word has it the west part of the Obscenity Ward is starting to flood, and the guards are worried us sickos are going to get in on a loophole back in the water, carrying out unbirthing fantasies...
Enjoying the clouds cumming into our humble cell block... How fearsome the human imagination...!
She isn’t the only one running wild. The whole prison is buzzing with activity like a town before a festival.
This is the first storm we’ve seen in a while! You freaks may have sent countless sperm and eggs to their deaths, but you don’t deserve the same fate—stay alive!
I move to get in line with the others, but someone violently grabs my shoulder.
Just where do you two think you’re going?
The emergency system, ma’am. We’re going to help board up.
Coal miners are the exception. Numbers 0720 and 0333, you’re underground today.
Huh? B-But this is an emergency, shouldn’t we—
I’ll be joining you underground today to take a good look at how you work. I’ll make sure you don’t waste your time fantasizing about that labor award.
Sofurin usually doesn’t go all the way underground.
She isn’t alone. No guard bothers braving the perilous mine.
But there’s a storm today, ma’am.
What does that matter? Did you think that would excuse you from my watchful eye?
A denigrating smile comes over her face as she scoffs like normal.
That mine of yours is just a musty little cave. Safer than up here even with no storm to worry about.
Y-You can’t be serious!
Quit your babbling and get yourselves ready for work, scum! I want to see you running!
We get to the elevator and go underground with Sofurin.
I-It’s... quite a bit faster than I expected. Is it broken?
It’s always like this. Thirty kilos per hour.
None of the other miners are here. I’m guessing they’ve been drafted to shore up the premises.
It’s... quite unpleasantly damp down here.
Keep safe!
Nn?
Though surprised at the greeting from the night shift workers, she keeps up her stern visage.
Ah, of course! Good job today. Keep safe.
Let’s keep going.
Brow furrowed, Sofurin looks around at the ceiling as we walk.
Hm?!
That’s the tram.
Well. Obviously, I knew that.
......
Quit stalling and get on.
We get off the tram after a few minutes.
We make it to the fork in the road with the personnel conveyor.
W-What’s that sound?!
We hear the rollers quietly grinding away.
Some might find the sound unsettling.
H-How unsettling! It sounds like a ghost moaning in pain!
It’s just the personnel conveyor.
Well, obviously.
We’ll be riding this to the dig site.
I know. Were you trying to lord your knowledge over me so you could come out on top? Big surprise, the sex criminal loves being on top.
......
What is with her, man?
Urgh... I can barely see in front of my face. Could we not have some more light down here?
And can nothing be done about this sound? I can think of so many ways, like... playing some fun music for starters!
Ah! Was that a rat? What’s a rat doing here? Have any of you even heard of workplace hygiene?!
Eep! W-Wait, that was just some dripping water... don’t scare me like that!
Are you all right, ma’am?
Why wouldn’t I be?
Are you scared?
I don’t know what you’re talking about. Hurry this thing up.
I can’t make it go any faster.
This is going on forever... How long do we need to stay on this thing, anyway?
......
Though complaining, she’s sitting with her knees on the belt.
Looks like she’s from money or a good family.
Can she really deal with... the coal mine...?
............
.........
......
...
Why will he not do as I say?
This is something I’ve been pondering for weeks.
I’ve been a prison guard for years now.
I’ve seen a lot of prisoners and worked with all kinds.
There have been those who got on my nerves, and those I could not comprehend.
Some have gotten deep under my skin.
But I don’t think I’ve ever found an inmate this hard to control.
T-This is the place? I’ve seen photos, but I didn’t think it was this bi—ugh, ghhk, hkk!
Are you all right, ma’am?
Why wouldn’t I—ghhk! I don’t know what you’re—hkk!
Prisoner Number 0720, Shuichiro Minato.
I think you should keep your mask on. Dust can build up in your lungs pretty easily.
A man—a boy to me, really—who received ten years for indecent exposure.
For some reason, he irks me like no other.
Ahem! Now that we’re here, I’ll be observing your workplace behavior and aptitude.
Huh?!
I said I’m here to make sure that you aren’t slacking!
The equipment’s really loud, ma’am, so you’ll have to shout!
Cut your chatter! Get to mining, now!
If there’s one thing I know.
One thing that my years working here have taught me.
It’s that everyone incarcerated here is scum.
Rehabilitation is a fantasy, no matter what anyone says. Each is rotten to the core, and nothing will change that.
It’s my duty to beat the bare minimum of humanity into them.
Like how a breeder disciplines her animals.
Even underground, my orders are absolute! Underst—
Watch your head and out the way!
Eep!
You want the roller to grind you up?!
Listen, you, I’m a deputy warden!
Yeah? And this is a coal mine! You space out and you’re dead!
A prisoner the size of a bear pushes me away.
Me. Not just a guard, but a captain.
Where is this snag in the machine coming from?
Am I wrong for demanding his obedience?
No.
I’m not wrong.
I reached my decision not to expect anything from them long ago.
Are you all right, ma’am?!
Excuse me?! I’ve said time and time again, why wouldn’t I be?! I’ve given you your orders! Get to work, now!
Having him worry about me annoys me the most.
Because no matter how foolish these inmates are...
...I know I can do my job.
What’d Sofurin say?!
I know I can do my duty.
Something, I think.
Because I’m a good correctional officer.
Coal provides the prison’s electricity, our power! It doesn’t matter if a storm is raging outside, you’re not getting back until you’ve met your quota!
Yet, now, my confidence is in flux.
Number 0720.
Right when I thought I’d recovered from the incident, he showed up.
Wait... where’s this leak coming from...?
Yeah? What’s up?
If I fold here, I’ll be ruined again.
And I might not be able to recover.
I’ll have to quit this job.
That’s something I can’t let happen, no matter what.
Come what may, I have to be a correctional officer.
All right, boys, that’s as far as we go today! Let’s head back before the sea drowns us! Get the stuff back where it be—
Absolutely not! I forbid you to return!
Huh?! What are you... C-Chief...?!
You haven’t met your quota yet! What do you think the prison is paying through the nose to keep you all alive for?!
Wait, hold on! We stay down here, we might end up under—
Just get back to work!
I can’t run.
I have to face them.
I can’t listen to another prisoner.
I can’t expect anything from them.
Or would you rather go to solitary? A good month inside should do you good!
I can’t run away. I have to keep moving forward.
You too, Number 0720!
That’s why I won’t listen to you anymore.
I have to be able to at least control this child.
Rehabilitation is not on the table for him, so it’s my duty to bring him up to the very baseline of human acceptability.
Having a criminal record in the outside world bars you from human treatment.
That’s why I need to get them used to what’s in store while they’re here.
Get them able to endure any ordeal.
If I can’t even do that, how can I hope to face her?
I...
Yes, ma’am. I’ll do as you order.
I’ll become a decent correctional officer.
But this tunnel might not be as obedient as we are.
W-What was that sound just now?!
It sounds like coal dust exploded somewhere in the tunnel!
Why did the lights go off?! What is going on?!
Man, what’d I tell you?! This is why we shoulda gotten outta here when we had the chance!
Silence! No backtalk! We need to make sure no one tries to take advantage of this confusion to escape!
It’s pitch black, and we’re in a coal mine underground. Who could escape? How?
The situation is this dire, and he’s still insolent.
Will he ever stop?
How should I know?! You know these tunnels inside and out, don’t you? Escaping can’t be that hard!
There’s a system here that automatically drops the breaker when methane gas passes a certain level. It’d be too dangerous to keep the lights on.
Methane?! You mean even the slightest spark will start a fireball?!
If something ignites in this tunnel, we’re cooked.
......
What do I do?
What do I do, what do I do?
Things are dangerous now. Fatally so.
What should I do, then?
I don’t want to die in this hole in the ground.
.........
No... Maybe. Maybe this is it.
Payback.
For everything I’ve done.
I don’t need to...
The power’s not coming back until the methane gas scatters. Foreman, can we get the fans on?
Damn it, this piece of shit! Not happening—that dust explosion fucked the backup generator! We’re not dispersing the gas!
It’s hard to breathe.
Then what do we do?! We’re sitting ducks waiting to drown here!
I grow lightheaded. There’s not enough oxygen.
The carbon monoxide would kill us first, man. Hey, give me that filter!
I feel nauseous. I want to throw up.
I just want to be at peace already.
.........
No.
No, no, no.
I can’t die.
I can’t let them die.
E-Everyone, calm down! All team leaders, check to make sure no one’s seriously injured!
It’s not that I don’t want to die.
I don’t want them to die.
I cannot let them die.
Make sure to spread out and not make any unnecessary moves, a-and...!
All the responsibility lies with me.
I’m the correctional officer here.
We have both the authority to punish inmates and the obligation to keep them safe.
And yet, it always turns out like this for me.
I only notice when it’s too late.
Everyone who can move, get to the conveyor belt! We’ll take roll call there—hurry!
Tell me, why?
If you see someone’s injured, help ’em out! Coal miner’s honor, we can’t let our people die!
I just want to help you.
So why won’t you do as I say?
Like that training, for instance. Isn’t that something you should do?
Doesn’t that have a chance of... making your mind get healthier as your body does?
And if your body and mind are healthy, well.
You might finally become... normal, right?
If you don’t, won’t you just do the same thing after you’re out of prison?
Isn’t that what’s most important to you? How you’ll live after you get out?
Ckk, cff...! I-Is there anyone left behind in this tunnel?!
Yet, why?
Wait, where’d she... Ozawa, where’d she go?!
Huh? Damn, maybe to the belt on the opposite side?
Why won’t you listen to me when you need to most?
Am I just a failure?
No? Well, if there’s anyone here, make your way to my voice slowly and carefully!
After all that time, after all that effort...
...am I still where I was?
......!
Ah, Number 0720. You.
I know my words aren’t going to reach you.
I despise you.
And, well. If I’m honest with myself, I know why.
Get over here!
It’s not because you’re a prisoner.
It’s not because you’re an inmate.
It’s not any of that.
It’s because you remind me of her.
Move, Sofurin!
Wh—?
Right as I hear him.
Ahhhhh!
Everything goes black.
(END)
A cave-in.
Clouds of dust puff up from the fallen rocks, and some gets into my eyes.
As it fades away, a twisted wall appears before me.
Sofurin!
The ground is softened up here.
I took too long to remember what the ghost told me.
That’s why I wasn’t fast enough.
What do I do?!
I turn around.
Damn. My team members are already gone.
To go get help and bring it back would be too risky.
The ghost... probably isn’t here.
The cave-in has made the flooding worse.
The water’s up to a just few centimeters below my knees.
In that case...
I’ll do something!
She’s given me hell for weeks.
She’s used her position as captain to cause me untold pain.
I’ll figure this out!
Yet I know the fear of the tunnels far more than she does.
What will I do, then?
Go for it, Shuichiro!
Amatsu!
You’ve got this!
Yeah! I’ve got this!
The mines have forged you like iron!
Forged me strong enough to believe in myself!
Now, with the most rational method...
...I’m getting her out of there!
I dig and dig away at the wall in front of me.
Whether it’s |possible| never crosses my mind.
I snatch at gravel, toss out pebbles, and create a path.
......!
A massive rock appears before me.
Just like before.
Back then, I couldn’t lift it.
Shuichiro!
Yeah!
But, now.
Get outta my wayyyy!
With this trained body, I’ve got this!
A hole opens in the wall.
I see a familiar frame in the darkness.
The figure, plopped on the floor, emits a liquid that isn’t seawater.
The area around it is strangely warm.
Ah... ahh...
Our eyes meet.
Are you... all right, ma’am?
Ah... Ahh... Y-Yeah...
Inside I find Sofurin in tears, dripping with snot and piss.
A few days later.
It’s Sunday. I’m in the gym.
There’s a celebratory mood in the air, contrasting the drabness of normal life.
Tulip Prison suffered great damage, owing to the recent storm.
It is laudable, indeed, that prisoner and guard alike joined hands to work together, doing their utmost to ensure the damage was kept to a minimum.
Yet there was a prisoner who braved the mine below in the storm, not only to extract the coal we need for energy, but also to rescue a correctional officer who had fallen prey to a cave-in.
For his outstanding efforts, I confer to him the first Laborer’s Award in five years.
Recipient, step forward!
Yes, ma’am.
I’m at the awards ceremony.
I am being awarded as the wonderful prisoner who saved an officer.
Due to your recent conduct and your exploits in the mine, we are granting you the privileges of both model and rank-two prisoner.
In other words, I am no longer a lesser prisoner, but a model one.
Congratulations, 072... er, S-Shuichiro Minato!
Holding the medal is Sofurin, Captain Sofiya Shikolenko.
An award right from the hands of the person I saved.
Your efforts were, er... very, quite, magnificently splendid!
Thank you, Captain Sofiya Shikolenko.
She puts the medal around my neck, her strained smile unchanging.
By saving the life of the guard who’d been surveilling me this whole time, I rendered an undeniable service and got my award.
In other words, Sofurin made Prisoner 0720 into a model prisoner with her own hands, no matter how much she didn’t want to.
C-Certainly! You... really came through for me, ahah...
Most importantly, it proves that I am no longer “lesser.”
As an added bonus from the labor incentive program, you’re able to make a single request. A-Anything you’re interested in...?
Which means I will finally be free from Sofurin’s clutches.
Please apologize to Amatsu.
Gh...!
I’m kidding.
My toilet is broken again, so I’d like it to be fixed.
That’s all I need for now.
That’s enough for me.
Listen, you. Do NOT talk.
About what?
About, well, you know. The thing I did. Me... peeing myself!
Ahh. I’d completely forgotten, so thanks for the reminder.
Why, you little...!
I’m surprised you can still walk in public.
Ghhhhhhh!
I’ve said it once, and I’ll say it again.
Wait, no.
I’ll kill you” was too lacking in wit.
Let me make it more Tulip Prison-style.
Get inhumed, baby.
(END)
All right, all clear! You’re right as rain, ya bald scamp!
It’s 8 o’clock. I’m visiting the medical ward.
Your fractured bone’s back together! No lasting damage from the riot pellets, either!
I’m not here for counseling, but a humble check-up.
Shotgun pullets are more dangerous than I had thought and can sometimes leave lasting injuries.
That’s why prisoners who take the pellets to the head have to get looked at a few times.
I can’t believe you healed this fast, kid. It really makes me feel the ravages of age...
My fractured bone and head seem fine now.
How old are you, doctor?
I’m thirty-two. You get to my age, Shuichiro, and youth like yours is positively blinding.
She’s a lot older than me than I thought.
I guess that makes sense. It takes a long time to become a doctor.
But Sonya really went wild down there, huh? Didn’t think she had that wildness in her.
By Sonya, did you mean Sofurin?
Yeah, her name’s Sofiya, so she’s Sonya. That’s a pretty popular pet name over there.
I’ve never seen anyone call her that.
Well, she’s the one who asked me to. Better than Sofurin, don’t you think?
I realize I should watch my mouth around her.
This is a bit hard to say from my position, but I do honestly think Sonya’s in the wrong here. You’ve got to be tough, but she just went too far.
You think so?
I was hoping to stop her if I got the chance, but it didn’t really work out. She’s the type to never budge once she gets an idea in her head, wrong or not. Sorry.
I don’t mind.
‘I wasn’t thinking of asking anyone for help anyway,’ was it?
She says what I want to before I can.
The fox-faced doctor shows her well-aligned teeth.
See, that’s... what I found most surprising. I figured you really didn’t pay attention to others that much. That you mostly did your own thing.
So why did you get that angry at Sonya?
Because she crossed a line she shouldn’t have.
I don’t think she’ll understand if I explain myself.
There’s no reason to give any more detail.
Now that line’s something I’d like to hear about.
She isn’t the first adult I’ve seen to pretend like she wants to understand me.
My parents worried about me too, at first, with gentle smiles and gentle eyes.
When I underwent a mental exam at the hospital, the aging doctor was very kind and patient at the start.
This is Amatsu.
......
He’s one of my few friends.
Every one of them fell speechless the moment I showed them my friend.
Every one of them gave me a look of disgust.
Hey, what’s exhibitionism to you?
Self-expression. An artistic act.
And what’s the meaning of performing that art?
To let everyone know of his existence.
To let the world know that I am here.
Everyone looked at me as if I were insane.
And to me, it felt like nothing more than a deep betrayal.
To let everyone know, huh? I see, I see.
Yep! Sounds about right for someone your age!
She narrows her already-narrow eyes and puts on a toothy smile.
Thanks for telling me about what’s important to you. Let’s make this our little secret, then, okay?
I may not be the best judge of character yet.
How about you just share it with people you think you can? Like, when you find someone as dear to you as Amatsu?
After all, even the closest people keep little secrets from each other.
But I have a feeling my intuition isn’t all that bad.
Well, to wrap things up... where’s the candy?
I decide to fully trust Doctor Higuchi going forward.
Becoming a model prisoner did not get me out of the mine.
Hey, Minato! Learn how to use the drum cutter already! You know how much this thing costs?!
S-Sorry, sir!
I’m still laboring away in the tunnel, covered in soot.
Hey, Exhibitiman! You better not get a fever and collapse again!
Nowadays, I find the job pretty fun.
I’m not gonna carry you next time, heheh!
Since it’s group labor, we’re free from the petty hierarchy between the Sex Crimes Ward and the Obscenity Ward.
And even though I’m not under the sun, sweating from manual labor does feel pretty good.
Hnn!
I hear a snap and feel an unfamiliar sensation in my fingers.
When I raise my pick high for another swing, it feels strangely light.
What’s up, man? You crack a bone again?
I shattered my pick.
The bits of iron glint, scattered on the ground.
It has always been banged up, but I’m a bit sad to lose the partner I made my mining debut with.
Another pine rock.
Pine rocks are carbonized tree fossils in coal seams.
They’re big, they’re tough, and you can’t break them with normal picks.
This one we can’t break up with a cutter... Gonna need to blow it with dynamite.
Regular prisoners aren’t allowed to get their hands on dynamite.
I’ve heard that the delicate job of handing explosives is restricted to a certain, special prisoner.
The demolitions expert isn’t with our team, and the leader said it would take time to call her.
......
I think back to that time.
The voice of the one who saved me.
Is she still somewhere in this mine, then?
I do want to thank her sometime.
(END)
