I think ciphers sound useful too, so I’m studying up on them... There we go.
Manage to write, Shuichiro?
Yeah, I got a lot out.
I put down my pencil and leave my cell.
Since there’s no work today, I have plans to have a meeting with the rest of the team.
The topic is, of course, the brainwashing drug “H.”
Before that, though, I head to the library.
First-class prisoners are able to read the newspapers in the library without sending in requests.
......
Most of the brainwashed inmates are first and second class.
There might be some connection to crimes on the outside, I think to myself.
I hit the papers, reading up on every bust related to each one of them.
No matter how hard I look, though, I can’t find anything relevant.
My research ends in failure.
......
While I’m at it, though, I decide to flip through a certain date.
The day the city streets are adorned with romantic lights, and lovers enjoy a romantic night.
The day I was arrested.
......
There’s a short article about me in a Tokyo newspaper.
Christmas Streaker Arrested For Assault
The article states that the culprit was arrested for exposing his genitalia and assaulting a police officer.
......
I crush the paper and leave.
We haven’t been able to find the hidden stash with our beetle operation so far.
I-If we haven’t found anything, that means...
...that they’re not hiding it in the prison.
With our heads literally together, Noah nods a little.
Look, they’ve got this many people hooked and brainwashed. It doesn’t make any damn sense if they don’t have a stash hidden somewhere.
True. One possibility I can think of is them transporting in a new shipment every few days.
So we might be able to spot it if we stake out the ships that dock on the island?
Noah makes a finger pistol and fires. Looks like I’m right.
B-But how are we going to do that?
A good stakeout’ll probably bear some fruit, but we’re obligated to head back to our cells at night. Think we can ask the SST?
Well, I’ve got a brilliant idea. Want to hear it?
If you want to share it.
Ur... blch... hhhk...
She’s like a cat!
Yeah, she kind of looks like one.
Bluuuaaaeghhh!
That ain’t no hairball.
Noah coughs up a small drone and its controller.
Hhk, kff! Phew. We’ll put this little bird in the air and keep watch with it.
It’s an incredibly small drone. Looks like she carried it in her stomach along with today’s lunch.
......
Is it too gross?
No.
I’m really glad you went the extra mile, Noah.
Now that’s got my heart fluttering a hundred twenty percent.
Whoa...
Seriously...?
The drone will send its video feed to our PC in the classroom, where it’ll be recorded, allowing us to review it later.
The computer in the shipyard is set to go back to factory settings every day, but this PC stays in idle. We just need to have it working in the background.
She mentions that there’s one thing we need to watch out for, though.
There’s security cameras all over the prison, and in the sea around the island. They’ve got a near 360-degree constant watch.
Near?
Yeah. There’s just one spot where the security camera is malfunctioning: here.
She points to a map of the island.
It’s the coal mine’s debris disposal area.
So I need to get there through the duct route and set up the drone, then?
A brilliant deduction.
She shoots me with her pistol again.
C-Can you hide it?
Yeah, in my anus.
It’s not too far away, either, so it shouldn’t take long.
All right, open up, just a little more!
Unnnnnnf!
Why’s the kid gotta moan like that...?
I open my anus and make sure I can pull the drone in and out of it.
Uh... ’scuse me...
Right then, we receive an unexpected visitor.
Sorry to interrupt, Chief, but I’ve got a message from Officer Yamagishi.
For me? What’s she need?
Well, she just said she needed to see you, fast. Could be work-related?
Tch. A few weeks ago I could’ve sent someone, but... I guess it can’t really be helped.
Take care, Chief.
Yeah. Take care of Isumi for me, you two.
She waves us goodbye and strides out of the room with Ozawa in tow.
Don’t worry, you’re in good hands now. There, there.
A thought strikes me as I watch them go.
Eww, that hand was in an anus!
I put it out into words, organizing my thoughts.
Sister Julia is brainwashing the prison population through gatherings.
You sure have gotten better at talking, Kane.
But only about a hundred people can fit in the chapel.
I’ve been keeping up with the practice y-you told me about! Eheh!
There are far more inmates than that in the prison.
I’m kind of shocked he’s putting something this big in his butt, though.
Is she bringing in a new batch of a hundred every time, then, and keeping her brainwashing going?
I mean, it would be way quicker if he swallowed it. No need to worry about it falling out like poop, either.
Or is there a place somewhere where she can gather far more people and brainwash them all at once? A place we simply don’t know about.
Poop? O-Oh, right... W-When you’re butt-smuggling, you have to worry about gravity.
The gym? Or maybe...
Hm. Poppin’ out.
Huh? The drone?
No, I am.
Hn...?
......?
All right, take care.
I-I kind of lost the plot there... T-Thought I’d gotten better at conversation too...
If I’m out too late and don’t come back, don’t hesitate to go on ahead.
Let’s just hope he doesn’t lose the drone to gravity while walking out there.
I don’t really get what Isumi was confused about, but I take my leave.
I end up wrapping up my business around the evening.
I went to see a certain someone, and our talk went smoothly.
Wonder if everyone’s left the classroom by now?
Right around when I think the Chief is probably back...
Hey! Mina... Er, Number 0720!
I see Sofurin come running from afar.
What’s wrong, Sofurin?
I told you to... Ah, you know what, whatever. I just need you to see this, now!
She scrambles to pull her tablet out and opens her social media.
Okay, where was it...?!
Wow, it really is just all photos of the sky and latte art and cats.
Oh, come off it! Er... okay, here it is, look at this!
She opens a post and hands me the tablet.
It’s one by Officer Yamagishi.
Today, I’m working outside the island! Just when I was feeling nervous about being somewhere new, I saw a rhino beetle on an inmate’s back! It was such a rare sight it just made my afternoon!
The man with the beetle on him is none other than...
Ozawa...?
Why is he doing work off the island?
This is Ukkon Island. It’s a recreational spot for the guards, with the occasional event held for first and second-class prisoners.
She looks at me, some pain on her face.
The officer in charge of the operation there today is... Julia Agatsuma.
......!
Urgh!
Ozawa grunts in pain when I slam him against the wall.
What the hell is going on?
You’re not first or second class. How did you get into this event?
Gh... can’t... brea...
What the HELL is going on?!
E-Ease up, Minato! You’re going to strangle him to death!
......
Ghhk, kff, hkk...
As he falls to the ground and desperately tries to catch his breath, I look down on him.
You told me you hadn’t been brainwashed.
I’m sorry...
Did you... lie to me?
I’m sorry, Shuichiro...
Did you lie to me?!
Y-You’re sounding like a vengeful girlfriend yelling at a cheater... Though, I guess now’s not the time to bring that up.
Ozawa keeps his head hung low.
Say something.
I wanted to see my kid!
K-Kid?
Sister Julia, she... she ran some stuff behind the scenes, showed me a photo of my kid on the outside... Said it’d be a shame if something happened.
She even said she’d let me see the squirt if I helped her out.
......
I haven’t seen the runt since getting put in the joint, man...
I just... wanted to see my wife and kid...
Did you honestly think I’d be okay with that?
Cool it, Minato! Anyone would fold with their family on the line—this is Agatsuma we’re talking about!
The ethics textbooks say that when someone you’re indebted to is in trouble, you should help them.
Yeah, but...!
I... think so too.
......
A siren blares.
It alerts us that break time is over and dinner is about to begin.
Ozawa, answer me. Earlier, you came to call the Chief out somewhere.
Gh...
Ozawa.
I am... so sorry.
He’d come on behalf of Officer Yamagishi.
Officer Yamagishi—who happens to be at that first-class gathering on the other island.
Huh? Wait, what’s going on?
The Chief is in danger!
I start sprinting.
The cafeteria is always bustling on a weekend night.
Not here?!
The Chief is nowhere to be found inside.
Standing idly during mealtime? Get seated, now, unless you want laps with no dinner.
W-Wait, Officer Yugao, you have this all wrong!
Sofiya? Excuse me? What are you...?!
Number 0720 is suffering from hemorrhoids, huge ones, and he can’t sit! I’m actually in the process of escorting him back to his cell!
Is... is that so?
Sofurin’s quick-thinking excuse lets me get back to my cell promptly.
Hurry, Shuichiro! What are you doing?!
All right, let’s go!
I throw my rehabilitation journal onto my bed and dash into the duct route.
Gh, it’s hard to move!
Take the drone out of your ass, Shuichiro! It’ll make things easier!
I excrete the drone from my anus and hurry ahead.
I take the quickest route and make it to the chapel.
Once inside, however, I find it completely empty.
There’s no one here?! What’s going on, Shuichiro?!
Where are Sister Julia and the Chief, then?
And what is she planning on doing, anyway, kidnapping the Chief like that?
Brainwash her? Hurt her? Torture her?
......!
If she’s going to torture her...
Then I know a perfect place.
(END)
Kff, ghhk...!
Goodness, me, you’re so tight-lipped! Most people at least let out a little groan or cry after getting their heads dunked in water.
Unfortunately for you, ghk, I’m pretty good at holding my breath.
Is that so? Ahaha!
I do have to say, though, how much I pity you. You haven’t only been betrayed by your own children...
...but you’re being tortured by them too!
......
It would be so much easier for you if you’d just given in to the brainwashing, but... it’s terribly hard, I’m afraid, to break the minds of folks with strong wills like yourself. Such a pity!
Heh. Glad to hear it.
Sorry to drop this on you when you’re so worried, lady, but compared to the interrogations I normally get from the pigs in suits? Might as well be a massage.
Yet you’ve lost so much of your bark and more of your bite... Oh, trust me, dear, I know how much it hurts!
But oh, how blessed you are! There’s a way to make the hurting stop, right now! You need only... to tell me.
What is it you’re plotting?
Arameolapif...
Who knows? Could be something to get you all crying and pissin’ yourself, could n—kff, kff, kff!
Such a stubborn little lamb. I do so detest violence, but... Oh! I know!
Dear Hazuki, she went and left a fun little toy behind! Do you know what this is?
......!
Oh, what a wonderful shade of pale you’ve turned! Ahahaha! It’s just what you think it is—you twist it like this and just like magic, it tears off fingernails!
And since you’re yakuza, ahaha, I have to respect tradition and start from the pinky!
......
Now, how many spins will it take to tear it off? Ooone, twooo, threeee, fouuur, fiiive...
Siiix, seveeen, eiiiight, niiiine...
Ur... ghhh, ghhh...!
Teeeen!
Gaaaaaah!
Ahahaha! The answer was ten! Oh, what a wonderful learning experience, ahaha!
Now, let’s give your middle finger some love...
Haa... Haa...
So, dear, have you just about decided... to talk?
Go to hell, you fake-ass nun.
Ahahaha! All right, here’s the second!
......
The hell do you think I am? I’m a gangster. I can’t count the number of nails I’ve torn off on one hand.
And lemme tell you the philosophy I live by: you can’t throw a punch unless you’re ready to take one in the face.
......
Urgh...
What’s the matter? She’s your mother now, isn’t she? You really going to make your mother cry?
Ghh, urggh...!
Quit fucking around and get to it! Come on, next nail!
Stop this.
The Chief turns to me slowly, her face haggard.
Ah... Hey there, kid... Not exactly... showin’ you my best, here...
......
My, I’m impressed you found us here! Oh, that’s right, ahaha... You’ve been here before!
When the Trio jump back, I step between them and the Chief.
The fuck are you doing here, shit-kid?!
This territory belongs to the Hatae... H-Hatae...
Urgh, the Hata...e, Clan’s...!
They drool with bloodshot eyes.
Now, then. What brings you here tonight?
What else? Kicking your ass.
I slip into the Kazan Shingan Style stance I’ve practiced.
If you’re going to try and hurt the Chief more...
...then I’ll fucking inhume you all, baby.
I take a deep, low stance, ready to fight at any moment.
......
......
Snff...
Hn?
Uh... waahhhhhhhh!
Then, out of nowhere, Sister Julia starts crying.
Snff, wuh, wahhhhh!
It doesn’t seem to be theatrical, either.
Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Aaahhhhhhh!
I cannot keep up.
What are you—
I knew it! I knew you’d been possessed, possessed by a demon!
Demon?
Snff, you were to be our messiah! Our savior!
Shuichiro Minato, the messiah.
I do remember her saying that at the gathering in the chapel.
You sealed away dear Hazuki, the biggest thorn in my side, and you used Sofurin to give us time!
My actions just happened to benefit her.
Every ordeal in our path, you’ve vanquished! You created the foothold to spread our faith, and yet... Ahhhhhhhh!
That’s why she got possessed with the idea that I’m her cult’s messiah.
You were to be our messiah, our savior, the hero to lead Perverse Orthofuxy to ever greater heights! And yettttt!
Yet you just... snff, wasted your time on this game nonsense! You’ve been possessed, possessed by a demon!
She pulls a whip from her waist.
Out! Out with you, demon! Begone from our messiah that the Lord has sent!
Gh! What are you...?!
You’re no stranger to using love, are you?! Well this, too, is love!
Ahh! The ordeals and suffering he grants us are our Lord’s love! Ordeals and my punishment!
She suddenly stops whipping me.
Then, she bares her top and starts to whip herself.
Ahh! The sin of striking another, the sin of lashing! All of the pain I have given you in my sin, I will suffer in turn!
......
Ahhh! Ahhh! Oh, the pain, the pain! Yet this pain is also a trial from the Lord! Ahhh!
I cannot keep up.
A feeling hits me. A feeling strong enough to forget the searing pain of the lash.
The feeling of disgust at the sight of Sister Julia whipping herself.
Have you... lost it?
Oh, no, I’m perfectly fine.
She smiles at me like nothing has happened. Like she feels no pain from the whip.
After all... I’m just like you.
I’m not insane.
Then neither am I, dear.
You’re just like me, aren’t you? My dear Shuichiro.
What is she talking about?
The only difference is that one of us is demon-possessed, and one isn’t. But don’t worry. That isn’t your fault.
It’s like we’re speaking different languages.
Now, I know that you’ve been dealing with a cavity lately. Is that right?
I can’t understand what she’s talking about.
Goodness, that’s terrible! That may be where the demon has made its lair!
As you will, Sister Julia...
......!
I’ll remove that evil tooth from you! That demon’s lair!
Gahhhhhhhhhh!
Begone from him, foul demon!
Gyahhhhh!
Out with you, out with you, foul demon!
Graahhhhh!
I cast thee ouuuuuuut!
My white molar shoots out in a splurt of blood.
I feel a searing pain like they’ve dug out a nerve.
Haa... haa...
Haa... haa...
My dear Shuichiro, have you come to your senses?!
Get... get lost, you conwoman...
Uwahhhhhh! The demon still possesses youuuuuu!
She freezes up out of nowhere, then slowly turns to her side.
It’s that woman, isn’t it? She’s deceiving you, isn’t she?
I see who she’s looking at: the Chief, half over the border of consciousness.
It’s always women who deceive and tear down men!
Then, a bright smile comes over her face.
Ahahaha! You can’t make that game if you don’t have any art, can you?
Why, if I chop off this woman’s arm, the demon in you will have no choice but to leave!
Oh, but if I chop her right arm, she can draw with her left... And if I chop her left arm, she can draw with her feet... Oh, I don’t want to leave any loose ends, any loose limbs...
Of course, there’s only one thing to do—yes, kill her, yes!
My mouth is too full of blood to say much.
That’s only going to hurt you in the end. Death is the one thing you can’t cover up in this prison!
Ahaha! I’ll just ask the warden to make it look like a death row inmate again!
She says it so flippantly.
Is this punk of a chief a virgin? Well, is she?
S-She should be...
A virgin! Ahahaha! Well, then, I’ve got just the perfect toy for the job!
The lunch lady drags out a bronze statue in the shape of a person from the back.
She opens the chest, revealing countless sharp needles, glinting in the moonlight.
It’s an iron maiden! Oh, goodness me, so this is what a real one is like! Look at those spikes! Ahaha!
Now, give her what she deserves! And no need to worry—you won’t need to see her in heaven, in the promised land, with us! You’ll be sending her straight to hell!
All three former members of the Trio try to push the Chief into the iron maiden.
Once she is gone, we will have our messiah! With our messiah at the helm, we will lead Tulip Prison to untold liberation!
The numbness takes the pain away.
Olapif! Olapif! Smiles for the people, and blessings upon this world! Ahaha! Hahaha!
I don’t want it to end like this.
Are you just going to let this happen, Hatae Trio?
She’s the last person I want to get their way.
You’re just going to let yourselves get brainwashed and hurt the woman you owe so much to?
Is that... all your loyalty is worth?
I want to destroy this shitty plan of hers.
Are you bastards honestly going to kill Taeka Hatae?!
Ghh...
So I don’t let the slight opening pass me by.
The moment they loosen their grip on her, I snatch the Chief away.
Shuichiro, dear, what are you—
Pfah!
Ahhh! I can’t see! W-Where are you?! Oh, my savior, where are you?!
I spit blood into her eyes as a parting gift and get running.
Kid...? W-What’s going—
Don’t worry about it, just run!
I take her by the hand and run, run, run.
We dodge through trees, stomp over grass, and keep dashing.
Loud sirens howl overhead.
Alerting all correctional officers and special security team units—two inmates are in the process of escaping. Please search them out and capture them immediately.
We hear an unsettling din in the distance.
The sounds of running legs and riot shotguns brushing against uniforms.
A huge searchlight trains on us.
Found them! There’s the runners!
We have permission to shoot! Fire!
Gunshots ring out.
It’s too dark to get enough of a bead on us, and the bullets go whizzing past us.
Gh...!
We can’t go back to the prison. Not anymore.
In fact, there is nowhere we can go back to.
We keep running along the fence until there’s nowhere further to run to.
You’ve gotta climb, kid!
The Chief shouts, her consciousness back.
I desperately grasp the fence’s wiring, climbing up and dropping down on the other side.
The footsteps get closer.
You haven’t been slacking on your training, right?!
Sure haven’t!
That’s what I like to hear! Get ready to jump!
Three, two...
One!
We fling ourselves into the sea.
(END)
......
Finished your patrol, have you?
Nn?
Oh, yes, I... I have. I’ve also finished the investigation into the neighboring islands. Neither they nor their belongings have been spotted anywhere.
Is that so? Well, that would mean... Ahaha, that Numbers 0720 and 0019 would have to have washed up back on the island and are hiding in its wilderness somewhere.
Yeah. If they’re not dead.
They wouldn’t die. He wouldn’t die.
Not when he’s our messiah!
......
I have been placed in full control of this investigation, so do make any future reports to me, all right?
Why have you? Number 0720 is an inmate of the Obscenity Ward, and as the ward’s captain, he is my responsibility.
The reason seems rather clear to me. You simply can’t be trusted.
I have heard that Number 0720 made his escape while you were escorting him to his cell, yes? How, then, can you be put in charge of the investigation?
Well...
Ahaha! Going on and on, always having a complaint but useful to no one... You really haven’t changed since you first got here, have you, dear Sofurin?
Gh...
Do keep up the passable work. Oh, and before I forget...
Was it this you came here to find?
......!
A rehabilitation journal. It’s a bit torn here and there, but it isn’t out of the ordinary at all.
You have no right to possess that. Please hand it over.
Pff. Hahaha.
I looked through it, and there’s nothing of particular note inside. Diagrams, drawings, scribblings of numbers...
If those pen scratches sound so appealing, well, be my guest.
......
And I’m sure you haven’t become so cowardly, so whipped, that you would allow a prisoner to escape, yes?
If you happen to have any connection to this, well... you’d be lucky to only be fired, let’s just say.
And if you thought the SST’s surveillance was something, you have no idea how many eyes
......
I bought some information from Mr. Kugitani. Looks like the guards haven’t found them.
Since the currents are so convoluted, though, there’s no way they washed up on any nearby islands.
A-And since they jumped into the sea, it’s possible they just... drowned?
I am... so sorry.
I really am. I’m just so... so weak...
......
......
And that weakness just mighta... mighta killed off Shuichiro and the boss.
Well, I’m sure those two are fine.
Huh?
Y-Yeah. Those two would be... fine.
Wait, you guys ain’t worried?
Nope.
T-They’re like cockroaches in a good way.
Yeah. The problem is what we do now.
Sofurin, what’s that?
You’re calling me that too...? Anyway, this is Minato’s rehabilitation journal.
I’ll go over this one more time: Shuichiro really said all that to you?
Yeah, when he ran off from me.
Listen up, Ozawa. If anything happens to me...
...I want you to get my journal to the others. It doesn’t matter if Sister Julia’s already gotten her hands on it first.
And that’s what he said.
God. Don’t know what he was thinking, leaving it all to a traitor.
Guh.
I did give it a once-over on the way, but... it doesn’t look like it has anything useful in it.
Lemme see... The hell? It’s a bunch of lines of numbers and letters in some weird-ass sequence!
There’s this scribble at the end too... of a... rhino beetle?
It’s got no horn, so... a cicada?
......
Knock knooock! Got a minute?
E-Eriko? What’re you doing here?
Ah, well, you know, it’s probably got nothing to do with you guys, but I saw something that kiiinda caught my eye.
See, I found this thing on the ground and wondered if you might happen to recognize it.
T-That’s Noah’s drone and...
...a paper with numbers on it?
It’s a codebook!
W-What do you mean, Noah?
It’s the thing I was talking about earlier, the cicada puzzle!
I only replicated some of it, but in the real thing, you’re supposed to find this encoded message and decipher it.
That has to be what this is! Shuichiro was making a codebook during journaling time!
Oh, oh yeah, I told him that writing helps organize thoughts... a-and you told him to be careful about what he wrote down and stuff.
Exactly! That’s why—probably! I think he used that codebook to write an encoded message to us!
Oh, that’s right! The medical ward is on the path to the chapel!
Did he really have that much time on the way to the chapel? I can’t imagine him writing something long.
The clear text in the cicada puzzle was just coordinates!
If he left us something of similar length, then...!
Ohhh, did you decode it? What’s it say?
My word.
Kid. Hey, kid.
Nnn...
Finally up, huh? I was starting to think you were on the other side.
I bring my torso up to see the Chief in front of me, her long hair wet.
It’s a little dim around us, but I see beams of sunlight peering through. It’s afternoon.
Where are we?
Beats me, but... probably somewhere on Minato-jima.
Minato-jima?
Name of the island Tulip Prison’s on. The prison takes up the whole island, sure, but it’s not like they use every last inch of it.
They haven’t renovated the nooks and crannies, and a lot of abandoned buildings from the coal mine days are still around. Looks like we ended up near one of ’em.
All I see is a lonely steel-framed building on the verge of collapse, surrounded by a few trees here and there.
Looks like we were lucky enough not to die.
Heheh. Glad you did all that breath-holding practice, aren’t you?
You can say that again.
It wasn’t much use in a fight, but you really never know, I think to myself.
I’m glad we’re alive, but damn, now we’re both fugitives.
How about swimming to the next island over?
Not what I’d do. We’ll just get mobbed by waves and end up right back where we started.
I remember being told that the currents around the island make it impossible to escape.
We can’t go back to the prison, but we can’t leave the island.
In other words.
So, we’re going to have to live outside, huh?
We’re going to have to tough it out on our own with nothing.
Wilderness survival on the deserted part of the island.
Roughing it out in the middle of nowhere, huh?
Yeah...
No water, no food, no tools, not even a place to sleep.
Yeah...
On the run for who knows how long... Heh. Won’t even make for a halfway decent bar story.
Chief...
Yeah, kid?
This is SO exciting!
Hn?
Why?
I am excited as hell.
Wilderness stuff? Leave it all to me.
Yeah? Kid, you know about this stuff?
You know it.
Damn, so you were in the boy scouts or something? Guess that’s what boys do, they...
Huh?
I’ve watched the Discovery Channel... a
We’ve leaned on the Chief way too much.
So I want to make up for it during our outdoor survival. I want her to rely on me.
I mean, I’ve watched a 
You’re in good hands with me!
G-Great...
So begins our life on the lam amid the great outdoors.
The first thing you need when surviving outdoors... is fire.
Fire is essential for survival in a harsh environment.
I’ve watched a ton of fire-starting survival videos.
Good, counting on you.
You are?!
Y-Yeah?
Hnh!
I pick up some good-looking driftwood and set up some dried leaves under it to catch the embers.
See, the trick is to alternate these big pieces of wood to make it easy for air to pass through!
Yeah?
I’m rotating the stick in place to get the embers going.
Huh? Where’s the fire?
The stick just gets hot, though, and shows no signs of starting to burn.
Hand it over, kid.
Chief?
See, you need friction, heat, endurance, and force!
A small cloud of smoke rises up from the end, and the dried leaves start burning.
See?
Whoa...
The next most important thing... is a place to sleep.
Since weather controls your activity in a survival situation, securing your ability to regain your energy through sleep is essential.
That’s why you need shelter.
The videos were really clear about this!
Were they, now?
So, I decide to make a sleeping space with a roof.
First, you take a tree of about the right size... Whew, then you stand a thick branch against it...
Then, you arrange these thinner branches more diagonally...
......
Cover the whole thing with dried grass...!
Then! Hnngh! You stop it with a rock to make sure it doesn’t get blown away!
Hey, kid?
Yes, Chief?!
How about instead of going through all this trouble we just move into one of those abandoned buildings?
......
The next most important thing is water.
I saw this in a video too!
Right, right.
A container to keep water in is essential.
We’ve got some of those, right?
Yeah. We’ve got some empty plastic bottles, some plates... Huh, this an ice box? Yeah, we’ve got plenty of junk fishers have tossed.
I’m surprised at just how much gets washed up.
Before too long, I discover a puddle of rainwater leftover from the last storm.
I found it! Me!
Good job, good job.
We haven’t had anything to eat or drink, so I’ve had this real headache building.
Sounds like dehydration. You’ll want to drink—
Glg, glg.
W-Wait, kid, you can’t just drink it as-is!
My stomach hurts.
You can’t just down the stuff. You’ve gotta boil it or build a filter first.
Chief, what are you doing with that hay?
Oh, this? I’m binding it together to make sandals. You hurt your feet out in the wilderness and you’re not long for the world.
Whoa...
If you take a nice piece of stone like this and... Hah! Break off a piece of it, you can fix the edge so it’s like a knife.
That’s so cool!
Oh, a mushroom! Munch time!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
It’s so... bitter.
Spit it out, kid. That’s a clustered woodlover—too much of it’ll kill you.
Guehhh...
There you go, that’s it.
With that, the sun sets on our first day of wilderness survival.
Here you go, roasted mushroom. Like it?
Yeah, it’s great.
As I fill my stomach with the edible mushrooms the Chief picked out, I hang my head.
In the end, Chief... you ended up doing everything.
Hm? Did I now?
But I... watched so much Discovery Channel...
It’s nothing you need to worry your head over. I just had a little more experience coming in.
I wanted you to lean on me more...
Oh, no, you were a big help. Like these magazines you scrounged up—they burn really well, so it was real easy to move the embers.
You can use as many as you want as long as you leave one.
Yeesh, keeping kids in a good mood is such a pain...
I wanted to do all the wilderness survival stuff right and really come through for the Chief, but it didn’t work out.
Unfortunately, even though I’ve watched days’ worth of videos, she’s better at and more knowledgeable about this than me.
Where’d you pick up all that experience?
Mm, we used to have these gatherings in early summer. Call ’em yakuza camp-offs. That’s where I learned.
Sounds like camping hell.
It was surprisingly fun, really. If you take the chalice vow with me, I just might take you to one.
My sister would cry if I became a yakuza.
Heheh, yeah, I figured. Kid, you pick the strangest things to be a good boy about.
The shadows of the fire dance on the Chief’s cheeks.
Ozawa was always in charge of starting the fires. He always made such a big deal out of it...
The Chief’s tone is so relaxed.
On the other hand, I feel a little bereft.
I... hope you won’t blame Ozawa for this.
What? Of course, I wouldn’t blame him.
You wouldn’t?
Yeah. I’m not angry, not in the least.
Me, I was thinking of giving him another punch.
Being betrayed by the folks I led just means I didn’t have the chops to lead ’em. If anyone’s to be blamed here, it’s me.
Even when things are this desperate, the Chief is as cool as ever.
So if he says he wants to come back to the family, I’m welcoming him with open arms. That’s what any chief worth her salt would do.
She’s such a wise leader, I think to myself.
Though that aside, he did what he did and is going to have to pay the price for it.
Shit. Run while you can, Ozawa, I think to myself.
Listen. It’s the way of things that a parent’s got to protect her family.
But I wasn’t strong enough to protect them. Not Ozawa, not the Trio, not anyone. That it ended up like this is just the way of things.
Her voice is clear and powerful as ever, even though her words are quiet.
Sorry, kid. Sorry for dragging you into my family drama.
Why?
I mean, I’m the one who fumbled that hard. Now you’re living out in the miserable outdoors with me.
I think it all ended up all right.
Like, wilderness survival is really fun.
That so, kid?
Though the Chief faces me, her eyes fall to the fire below.
Well, glad to hear that, then.
I mean, I learned something here I could’ve never imagined.
I point to the hungrily burning fire.
I had no idea fire was so... calming to watch.
The two of us hold our hands over the fire in the cold night air.
It feels like it warms up my freezing heart.
Nothin’ like a nice, warm fire, huh, kid?
Yeah.
As I look at her face from the side, I think back to my sister.
(END)
Beche, darlings!
I’m the deputy warden of the Sex Crimes Ward, Sister Julia—you might also know me as Julia Agatsuma.
To all the lost lambs watching curious about how I’ve been brainwashing everyone, well, I’ll show you just how the dish gets made!
Ughhh, another day with nothing good in it... I worked so hard cleaning the windows, but not a single officer so much as noticed! Ugh, what a waste of tiiime...
See her? That’s my target.
Goodness me, does 
First, we do the prep work.
Mmm... I love soaking in the bath... but most importantly, I love getting in here before anyone else, eheheh...
We start the subliminal conditioning in the prison bath.
I have to get out when the red light goes on... It’s still green... still greeeen...
Green... Green... Yellow... Yellow... Yellow...
The trick is to slip it in where they won’t notice like a delightful little hidden ingredient.
Oh! I-I’ve got to get up, or one of the bosses’ll yell at me.
That’s right, the New Testament is a digital drug.
Now those fools will never find it, no matter how hard they look!
Next, we bring the ingredients to the kitchen.
W-What’d you drag me in here for? And w-why’s this place so creepy?!
T-This is, like, cult stuff, right? The stuff only w-weak, messed up people believe in? And I mean, i-if there is a god, I figure he’s already abandoned a piece of shit l-like me!
Oh! Well, hello, there!
Eeps!
You seem to have some troubles on your mind. Please do step into the confessional.
Then, the cooking begins.
Tell me. Have you been frustrated, lately, that your hard work has gone unnoticed?
Huh?!
First, scoop up the right amount of empathy.
I really have been! I’ve been working so hard, and I’m way more diligent than the other prisoners, b-but no one important notices!
Oh, my, what a shame. It’s wonderful that you’re putting in all this effort, but perhaps it is going to the wrong place?
Then, mix in sympathy and direction.
The wrong... place?
Indeed. No matter how hard you work, if you’re not working for the right person, well, you’ll get nowhere. Would you like some water?
Add in a touch of water for camouflage.
You should work not for man, but for God. To serve God is to find happiness. To serve God is to find warmth. To serve God is to bask in joy... isn’t it?
Serve... God. To not serve God is to get nowhere...
Then, repeat phrases well.
Oh, look at this.
Geh?!
Add in the drug, and you’re finished!
Now, my lost little lamb... How will you live your life?
I s-swear loyalty to the lord of Perverse Orthofuxy...
Now we have a fresh-baked Orthofux believer, right out of the oven.
Well, she might have been particularly stupid, but this is how it goes for most of our believers.
The most important ingredient in this subliminal conditioning process is the vibes.
There’s no point in doing it in a place where the lamb isn’t going to listen to a clergywoman.
Places like this closed chapel, the empty gym, or the confessional where we can be one-on-one. All are appropriate.
The key is a sense of being out of the ordinary.
If even the slightest noise or scrap of reality intrudes, it all falls apart.
Before, that little ruffian had eyes on me, intruding, having her hooligans ruin the mood to get in the way of my cooking.
I don’t think they noticed what they were truly dealing with, but they certainly got in the way. Stopping people from coming to the chapel... and preventing me from being alone with them...
Ahaha, that was so much trouble! But what a blessing—I don’t have to deal with her anymore.
I simply could not be in a better place to spread the word of the lord. Isn’t that right, dear Umezu?
......
Dear Shimonuma?
Y-Yes, ma’am... t-that is... correct.
Goodness. I do wish the brainwashing didn’t lose so much potency on the second go.
That’s why trying it on dear Sofurin again would be so dangerous... Ah, if only it hadn’t worn off on her. Things would be so much easier.
Still, things are proceeding very well.
Now well over two-thirds of the prison is devoted to Perverse Orthofuxy... Eheh, eheheh...
That they are.
With those obstacles out of the way, the plan is proceeding smoothly and cleanly.
The situation is not a perfect one, however.
As demonstrated, brainwashing inmates one by one is a trying task, and the mind control wears off over time fairly easily.
For deeper brainwashing, you just can’t beat carnal pleasure.
I’d say having us a sabbath would be most efficient.
I suppose you’re right, my dear Rin.
A sabbath. That would do it.
So, how goes progress on the New Testament?
It’s finished in theory, but the adjustments should take about a week.
My, it sounds like it will be finished with perfect timing, then.
I will give smiles to our inmates and guide the world along somewhere just a little better.
Now, what have the heathens been up to?
Err, well, Sofurin is keeping up with the investigation, and the SST hasn’t shown any suspicious movements. Eheh, eheheh!
I make sure to have anyone with deep connections with him be surveilled twenty-four hours a day.
It doesn’t look like any contact has been made, though.
I do admit, I thought we would find him sooner, given how small this island is.
Do find him quickly, would you?
Oh, please, come back soon.
Come back and guide us. Lead us.
If you don’t, well, we’ll be forever without our messiah.
My messiah, so much like myself.
Life outside wasn’t at all as fun as the first day.
Kudo, take a look at this!
There was a fire here. Strange.
They have to be around here! Find them!
We are being chased.
Our pursuers come after us no matter the time of day.
Tch, this spot’s hot too, huh? We’re leaving, kid!
Aye!
Each time they come for us, we have to find new shelter.
We try all sorts of things to get out of our pickle.
Fastened on tight? All right, let’s go!
Hnn!
There are all sorts of places in the underground sections of the prison, such as the cells and the coal mine.
I’ve also heard that an old entertainment street, a small one from the island’s coal mine days, is somewhere around.
We’ve been looking for a spot that leads to it.
How’s it looking, kid? Find anything?
The Chief said she noticed what seemed to be a cave opening before coming up to the surface.
Yeah, something!
Can we go inside?
Not happening!
The cave entrance has a bladed heavy-duty roller spinning, preventing any entry.
It looked like there was finely chopped rock coming out of it or something!
Guess they’re dumping some sort of waste into the sea... All right, got it. Hurry back!
Unfortunately, nowhere we find is completely safe.
Another problem is the island’s position itself.
Gh, the wind’s gotten a lot stronger!
Another storm?
Tulip Prison sees a lot of storms.
This goddamn dump! It’s leaking like crazy!
We’re on the run, so... we don’t really have a choice.
It’s a terrible climate for living outside.
The fire!
Leave it alone! You don’t want to get wet. You’ll be out in a flash if you get hypothermia!
When the fire fades, I immediately feel more vulnerable.
......
My temperature drops gradually, and I start losing sensation in my fingertips.
Having little to eat has left my body lacking in heat. I’m freezing.
Ffff... Fff...
Malnourishment. Death by cold.
I might not even wake up tomorrow.
For the first time in my life, I become cognizant of my possible death.
Hey. Kid. C’mere.
Even now, the Chief is huge.
Scared? Well, don’t worry. It’ll be clear out in the morning, I just know it.
She’s always considerate of me and always has a nice word to share.
Chief, you’re so... strong.
I won’t say particularly so. Though, I am the head of a household.
How did you get that strong?
Haha, well, there’s a bunch of small versions of myself inside my head, see? They’re always talking things out and figuring out what I should do.
......?
So just... just, hold on, just a little longer...
Chief?
......
Her tense shoulders suddenly loosen up.
Chief!
As the storm rages overhead, she falls to the ground with a thud.
It’s so warm out like that storm yesterday didn’t happen at all...
Which means, sickos, that we’ll be picking up trash as planned today!
Now, as I’ve said time and time again, if you find any porn mags or sexy manga, you’re to ru—kff! Hkkk!
That’s what yelling this early in the morning gets you.
Glg, glg... Phew! Thank you, Captain Shikolenko! That was just the boost I needed to get searching for washed-up porn!
Finally trash day, Kane!
You sound like a grade-schooler who really wants to see some printed boobs...
Y-Yeah, just like the coded message said. W-We looked for beetles here before.
I thought this was where he wanted us to meet up, but not with all these eyes on us. It’s gotta be something different.
W-Which means he’s probably left us a letter or something!
That would depend on whether they could get their hands on letter paper while on the run, though.
Pencils too. M-Maybe they scraped something onto a tree or a rock?
There has to be something, somewhere.
Where...? Where...?
I tell you, the fishermen lately are out of control!
Ah! Noah!
What’s up?
Throwing away porn magazines into the sea... I’m sure those perverts are enjoying fishing up whitebait and watching them writhe around like tentacles... Ugh, sickos in training!
N-Noah, that! There!
Hm? Oh, I get it! Wait right here, Kane!
Or maybe they’re shoving their rods into their pu—wait. Rods?! When I think about it, the main fishing implement, it’s called a rod! That’s another word for penis! And the reel looks like balls too!
Officer Yamagishi!
What is it?!
Can you hand me that porno mag for a little?!
Excuse me? Are you listening to yourself? This stuff’s almost as harmful to the mind and soul as fishing!
I know, but I just have to see it! No matter what!
Explain yourself, now!
My long-lost sister is in there!
Your sister?! Where?
Look, right here, in the amateur photo column.
This woman bound every which way by ropes wearing nothing but an open coat peeing on a tree root?!
That’s her. That’s my sister.
My god... To think that you would have your fateful reunion in a porn magazine’s amateur section...
Please, you have to give it to me!
I couldn’t! I couldn’t give an S-class porn! That’s like giving a creepshot addict a staircase!
Just for one day! I want to burn my sister’s face, her frame, into my eyes!
Into your eyes...
That’ll make it so that even if I never see my sister again...
...every time I see a porn mag, I’ll remember her in my heart!
......
Just... Just this once.
Thank you so much!
Porn that soothes the soul instead of the cock, huh...?
Two sicko sisters, their shared perversion bringing them together... Kind of a miracle, huh, Captain Shikolenko?
I got the goods!
You put on a r-really good show!
Cumbucket over there’s a real dumbass, but she’s good at heart. A real dumbass, though.
A real dumbass!
Whatever message Shuichiro and the Chief left has to be in here... somewhere.
W-Wait, that spot you just flipped by...
Here? The porn vid review page?
Yeah, they show the rating by how peeled the banana is...
Nothing... seems out of the ordinary, except this creepshot MILF massage video getting the full bone score...
See this right here? W-Where the title is? Some parts have been cut out l-like they’ve been torn out by hand. It’s like this in other spots too...
Oh! We can piece together the missing letters from the context!
Lady _quirtsalot the Fifty-Year-Old Knight _nd the Orc Cock Gauntlet...
Isn’t she a little old to be fighting?
Sa!
Foxy Granny’s Nut-Busting _oo_s...
Folk porno?
Bb!
Cumming to Terms: _ Demen_ia Seminar wit_ Doctor Love
Social issues too?
A... T... H...!
More of a... GILF magazine than a MILF one, huh...?
Sabbath...
Let’s keep the decoding going, Kane!
Y-Yeah!
The answer’s gotta be in this porn mag!
My plan continues on smoothly.
Yoruko, dear, have you given it some thought?
I’ve been walking around lately, gathering the consent of my fellow correctional officers.
Captain Agatsuma, w-why are those inmates with you?
......
Oh, them? Don’t mind them, dears. It’s been rather dangerous around lately, so they’ve been following me around for protection and simply won’t listen.
You might not want to excite them too much, though. This big one, for example, is in for murder, you see.
He’s a homosexual too. Ahaha, it seems he isn’t too fond of women.
Eep!
Now, then. Could I have your signature?
Oh, of course! I just s-sign here, right?!
Fortunately for me, everyone’s just so cooperative.
The problem, however, is that the most important people insist on being so stubborn until the very end.
You’re the only one left, dear Hazuki.
Dear Sofurin’s just being so stubborn and won’t listen to me either way.
Though I’m a captain, being the one suggesting the event means I don’t count.
So, could I get you to sign this document? Just right here?
......
Not interested? Well, that’s unfortunate. Hazuki, dear, this is for your sake as well.
If this keeps up, why, the prisoners will only harass you more and more, making it awfully hard for you to stay here... and you, dear, don’t have any way of stopping them, do you?
Which means you’ll be forced to find a new job... and you don’t want that, do you?
After all, you do you have your parents back in the village to feed, don’t you?
......
You want a signature, right? I don’t care about this one way or another, so here.
......
Ahaha! You’ve completely lost fang and claw, dear Hazuki, haven’t you?!
Tch.
With signatures from all but one of the guards, I’m finally able to submit my proposal to the warden.
The penitentiary is such a dim, dreary place, and its gloomy atmosphere is little more than an obstacle to the inmates’ rehabilitation.
Most importantly, it simply doesn’t have enough smiles.
......
Let us, then, have them go out into the fresh air beyond our walls! Let them feel the joy of sweating in labor under the bright sun, bringing light to their wretched hearts!
Let them bask under the sky in my New Blue Deal!
Quite an ambitious plan. Managing the transport of the entire prison population, even if temporary, will be no mean feat. I trust you remember the escapees we had just a few weeks ago?
Which is why I made sure to get everyone’s consent. With this many in agreement, why, the plan can’t proceed any way but smoothly.
This is a recreational event too. Don’t the rules state that we can hold such events freely under the agreement of a majority?
The prison hasn’t fallen far enough to throw all of its resources into such a ridiculous plan.
Oh, you needn’t worry about a thing there. Ukkon Island is a resort under Minai’s control.
We have the ships covered as well, so it won’t cost the penitentiary a single yen.
......
Is there still a problem? Goodness, that’s strange. I’m following all the penitentiary’s rules, am I not?
The inmates have so been looking forward to this too. Why, to simply pull the rug from under their excited legs...
I wouldn’t be surprised if they started a riot... like they have before.
Did you set the large monitor up in the church?
Y-Yes, ma’am! And the New Testament’s more powerful than it’s ever been! If we combine it with sex, no one’ll be able to resist!
And so, my plan reaches its final stages.
Once this plan goes through, the old power balance will mean nothing anymore.
Everything will go the way I want it to. Everything will be under my control.
And I know the first thing I will say.
My flock, I ask of you: smile.
Smiles are happiness.
Happiness is peace.
To smile is to cast out evil.
I just need people to smile, no matter how I get them to do it.
Why not be controlled if it means you can smile?
Because to smile is to be happy.
But to truly bring this plan to fruition... I’m missing the last part.
Once I fill this island with smiles, I’ll need to go to other, unhappier lands.
All to spread our lord’s teachings.
Yet, having the word sink its roots deep will take time.
Which is why we need our messiah... The one to truly act out the teachings of our Lord.
You, the one so much like myself.
The one to whom the ends always justify the means. The one pragmatic to a fault.
I know you can fill this place, this land, with smiles.
We haven’t found that brat yet, right? What’re we doing about that?
Good question. If he’s somehow surviving with that hooligan, then... Ahh...
There’s been water puddles of all sizes about the island left by that storm, yes?
Huh? Yeah, I think so.
Do fill them all up. Pack them up with soil and don’t leave a single one open.
That will bring our messiah to us.
Oh, I simply can’t wait.
Do come to us soon, my dear savior.
(END)
Goodness. I had not expected she would go this out of control, acting with this level of reckless abandon...
Oh? Oh, it’s you. I would have hoped you would have knocked at least.
Yes, I gave my signature. I could hardly refuse when she had so much support, could I?
And personally, I wouldn’t mind Captain Agatsuma taking my position. If she can keep Tulip Prison operating in perpetuity with her strength of will, I have no complaints.
But from the looks of it, it seems continuing the mission of the prison is the last thing on her mind. And learning that has, in itself, made this endeavor worthwhile.
I’m afraid now I have no choice but to leave it all to him—and I assume that is what you came here to tell me, yes?
Yet taking responsibility for upheaval is an adult’s responsibility... and arranging the board ahead of time will cost me nothing.
Yes, I’m making an outing. I have a sympathetic prosecutor in Tokyo. Do take care of things in my absence.
Mm, the carrots are coming along really well.
The scallions out back are getting real vibrant, and the cows and pigs are healthy... Isn’t this great, Kotaro?
Woof, woof, woof!
Hm? What’s the matter? Is someone here? Natsumi, maybe?
......
Hey, that’s...
Ahem.
Uhh, if you’re sick from all the stormy days...
I hear that boiling and drinking in the ginger out back will warm you back up to health!
......!
Yeesh.
All right, Kotaro. Let’s get out there and make sure the guards don’t come this way.
Arf!
Haa... Fff...
Can’t believe I’d crumble when the going gets tough like this...
Tch. Didn’t think I... was this weak...
Wish I was... built of stronger...
......
With that, I’d like to start the umpteenth Taekauncil.
Yayyy, council time!
Now, of all times?!
Let’s get this over with quickly. Now is not the time for games.
Very well. Now, I’m sure you all know that Main Taeka has been running around with the kid for a few weeks. Logical Taeka, your thoughts?
What thoughts can I have? What else can we do? We had no choice but to jump into the sea back then, so reasoned reflection isn’t going to get us anywhere.
Y-Yeah!
But this sucks! I’m hungry and thirsty, I wanna sleep in a warm beeeed!
Y-Yeah, that’s true too!
We lost our people, got betrayed... No matter how you slice it, it just hurts. It hurts right here.
Y-Yeah, that’s true too! It really does hurt!
That’s just how it is on this mother of an Earth. If you can’t take the good with the bad in stride, you’re not gonna make it.
Who the heck’s that?
Another Taeka for the gallery, huh?
It’s only a matter of time before we’re caught if this keeps up... and I don’t know how much longer I can keep putting up a show in front of the kid.
Who cares about putting on a show?! Just scream at the top of your lungs: this sucks! Let it all out! Keeping it bottled up is just gonna kill us!
She has a point. Back on the outside, we did develop a bald spot over the sheer stress from the turf war.
Let’s not talk about that! Ever!
We really are the type to hold it all in, huh?
More like we’re crap at leaning on people. Our mom died pretty early, and we just spent our childhood in extra classes and dojos and stuff.
And it’s not like we have anyone to lean on or open up to here, either.
Yeah, we do! We got the kid!
H-Him?!
Just, you know, open up a bit to him. Let him take care of something. That’ll make things way easier!
B-But he’s, you know, younger, and probably worried himself. I mean, I’ve got to be the one who’s there for him, not the other way around...
I’m tellin’ ya, ya gotta be tough enough to take the good with the bad, baby.
What’s with her? She put salt in her apple juice too?
Well, that is one of our favorite phrases.
Anyway, True Taeka is right.
We’re Taeka Hatae, remember? Chief and matriarch of the Hatae Clan, a huge yakuza organization.
We can’t show weakness or admit defeat. That’s what our predecessor taught us, remember?
......
Be strong no matter where and no matter when. That’s our lot in life.
Yeah... r-right...
So let’s give it another push. Hold it in and step through. That way, we should be able to... to get thr—
Hn?
Chief.
Whoa! Kid?
You okay?
Oh, oh yeah. Was I tossing and turning or something?
More like mumbling to yourself. A lot.
......
Are those the little yous that live inside you?
Really shouldn’t have let myself get caught up in the moment and talk.
She scratches the back of her head, looking awkward.
It’s a way I organize my mind. It’s not that there are actual people in there, it’s just that I have a bunch of ideas duke it out to look for the objective answer.
I’ve lived in a world with all sorts of ambitions competing with each other at all times since I was a little, so I just turned out like that naturally.
Why, though?
Because sometimes, your emotions get in the way. It’s a way to remind myself of my position too—where I can’t afford to lose myself to my emotions.
Ohh.
Seem strange to you, kid?
Not at all.
Heheh. Well, position-wise, I guess that’s all you can say.
It’s not that, it’s just... I do it too. I’ve got someone to talk things over with here, myself.
You do?
I’m talking about Amatsu.
Your... cock?
Whenever I’m stuck or in trouble, he’s always there to hear me out.
......
......
That so, huh?
Yeah.
Treat him well.
I will.
The conversation dies out there, so I get to chopping the ginger I’d foraged as finely as I can with my handmade knife.
How are you feeling, healthwise?
A good bit better than before. I can move a lot easier now.
Put your head to mine?
We put our foreheads together. She’s burning up.
She’s probably still got a fever of thirty-eight.
Probably the ginger, right? That kind of raw stuff really shocks the system. Warmed me right up. Thanks for finding it, kid.
I didn’t manage to find any water, though.
A few days ago, suddenly, all the water puddles disappeared.
Even though we’ve just seen a typhoon, every puddle I’ve found has been packed up with soil, meaning we’ve been deprived of valuable water.
All we have left is a single plastic bottle’s worth.
Once we go through that, it’s probably all over.
You drink the rest, Chief.
I’ve already got the ginger.
But you’re sweating so much.
Drink up, kid. You’re tired from all that walking, right? You’ve done good.
The Chief makes no motion towards the last of our water.
Even now, she’s as big and strong as ever.
Guess that’s the yakuza life. One day, you’re on the top of the world, the next, you’re in the dirt.
But illness weakens the heart.
I’m dolled up with titles... chief, matriarch... but at the end of the day, with no power, I’m just a person. Flesh and blood.
I’m surprised to hear her sounding so vulnerable.
Her usual strength doesn’t accompany her words.
We’re out in the wilderness now.
So I don’t think... titles mean much.
I take off my clothes and put them over the ever-so-slightly trembling chief.
Wear these, Chief.
But... that’ll leave you naked.
I’m an exhibitionist. We don’t catch colds in the nude.
Kid...
I just want her to warm up even a little bit, I think to myself.
Nnn...
I slowly open my eyes, awakened by the sound of a crackling campfire.
Looks like I passed out a bit from the fatigue of moving around so much.
By the time I open my eyes, the area around me is well dark.
Oh? You up, kid?
Chief.
I find myself lying with my head in her lap.
I’m wrapped in the clothes I gave her.
You’ve been up this whole time?
No harm in staying on guard, right? No telling when the bad guys’ll show up.
She has to be holding back a fever, but she quietly smiles at me.
The water has not been touched.
Chief.
Yeah?
I love how you’re always, you know, cool, Chief.
When I’m around her, I feel like even I’m pretty cool too.
I love that. I love hearing her cool lines too.
I’ve said this before, but I always want you to be like that. Always cool and tough.
Well, kid... that’s a little tough for me, right around now...
Yeah. You’re not looking your best now.
So...
When you’re feeling too weak to be cool... I think you should lean on me.
Nnn...?
Lean on us. Let us help you.
I wanted her to rely on me even if just a little bit.
That way, you should be able to efficiently return to your normal, always cool self.
I figure that if we want the Chief to get her strength back, well.
She’s going to need some rest, I think to myself.
You’re really stubborn, though.
Don’t have to put it like that...
On top of that, I don’t think leaning on me would be that easy, either. I’m not the most reliable guy.
In the Chief’s eyes, I’m just, indeed, a kid.
The only life experience I have over her is how much I’ve been naked.
So thinking logically, it wouldn’t make sense to tell you to ease up and lean on me a little.
Logically, huh...?
So, I came up with a brilliant idea.
A way to get her to emotionally lean on me precisely because I’m younger.
Chief, you said earlier that it was the way of things for a parent to help her family, right?
Well, the opposite is true too.
So I think if I was really part of your family, even you wouldn’t shy away from opening up a little and crying on my shoulder.
What I’m saying is... I just need to become your little brother.
Little brothers are younger than their sisters but able to soothe their vulnerability.
My sister used to cry to me all the time, in fact.
......
I may not be strong or reliable, but since I’m a year younger than her, I can be her little brother.
Don’t worry, Sis.
Because I’m a professional little bro.
Sis, huh...?
You know, I like that. Has a nice... ring to it, heheh.
I hand her the bottle with the last of our water in it.
I had about sixty percent of it, but... there’s still some left.
Don’t worry about me and just have the rest.
Sixty percent, huh...?
Your dear little brother’s begging you.
......
Wait, we can’t do that! You all know what drinking from that chalice would mean!
Shut up!
W-What are you—
Logical Taeka’s... lost it?!
We’ve held everything in, taken everything in stride just because we’re the Chief! We’ve done this for year after year after year!
If the kid’s asking us to lean on him a little, why not?! He’s someone we can trust! Someone who’s been there for us all this time!
Now, now, let’s calm down...
We have to let it all out and take a break from being the ‘cool Chief’ sometimes!
But you know what this water means!
We’re going to fucking die without it!
Ah.
What’s wrong?
Nothin’, I just figured that if even my inner reason is punching me, I’ve really got no choice.
She takes the bottle with vigor, and then...
...downs it entirely.
Impressive.
God, that’s some good water. How long’s it been since I’ve drunk down something this good...?
She smiles like the fog over her heart’s been cleared.
Heheh. You know, maybe I can let myself take the load off sometimes.
Liberated, she loosens her brows and leans onto me.
Think I’ll... allow myself a little nap on your shoulder, yeah...
Be my guest.
She immediately starts snoring softly. She must have been really tired.
Zzz...
As she sleeps, she looks as old as she is—just a year over me. Too young to see as an older sister.
Just hold on a little longer, Chief.
I put my prison suit over her.
Soon, I’ll bring it all to an end.
I murmur as I stare at the smoke rising from the prison.
Now we know for sure: Agatsuma wants to brainwash all the prisoners at once and take the prison for herself.
If she can control all the prisoners, she won’t need the help of the other guards or the SST. Compliance when she wants it, or a mutiny just as easily. No one will be able to stop her.
A-And to brainwash everyone, s-she set up preparations for a gathering... and a big orgy.
If she held it somewhere on prison grounds, like, say, the gym, we could have stopped them with the SST.
But if they go to the nearby Ukkon Island under the guise of recreation... we can’t square off with them.
And once the orgy starts... i-it’ll be really hard to stop.
If they’re going this all out, there’s probably no real way to resist the drug they’re pulling out.
Kane...
You too, Noah...
What she’s after is rehabilitation through smiles. Something she’ll get when everyone’s brainwashed.
The prison won’t look any different on the surface. The only change will be everyone’s pointless smiles.
An insane p-paradise for Agatsuma.
The big orgy is going to be tomorrow, right?
You’re sure about that, Hanamaru?
As sure as I can be.
All right, sickos and perverts of all stripes, we’ve got a surprise for you today: a recreational event off-island!
You’ll be able to forget your miserable incarceration and spend the day loosened up and with a bright smile!
We get to ride a boat to attend service on another island! Oh, I just love riding any and everything! Doesn’t this sound great, Slippy?!
I... I guess. It’s not like we’ll get to wear slippers, so I’m not too pumped...
This is all under the great and glorious guidance of the Lord! And when I said loosened up, I didn’t mean your flies! Do not forget your sicko nature for a muh-muh-mah-mah-moh-moh...
O-Officer Yamagishi, you’re drooling!
Shllp, for some reason, I just... started drooling so much. Why...?
Looks like Officer Yamagishi’s totally mind-controlled. A shame... a total dumbass, but such a good person...
Party horns and confetti in her head...
I didn’t agree to this plan, so they took me off the unit chaperoning the inmates.
So... be careful out there. I mean it, Noah.
I will! No need to worry about me, Sis!
Oh, Kane, make sure to stick by me.
S-Sure...
Since Shuichiro and the Chief aren’t around, I’m the only one who can take care of you. Make sure to foll—
N-Noah, that line’s for the wrong ship.
Huh? Oh, you’re right.
Stick with me, Noah. I-I’ll be like another big sis, eheh.
......
Greetings, everyone. This is Sister Julia speaking. Allow me to thank you from the bottom of my heart for attending today’s recreational event.
The ship you are riding is currently making its way towards historic Ukkon Island. You may know it for formerly being home to a considerable number of hidden Christians.
Now, we will be heading for the church from the port to have a bit of an orientation, but before that, I’d like you all to change out of your prison wear.
In this moment, none of you are sinners. What need do you have to wear the garb of the incarcerated? Is it not natural and right for you to wear the same clothes as everyone else?
We’ve got changes of clothes at the bow, so make sure you all get changed!
Wow, they’ve got tops and bottoms here! And it’s all brand-name clothes too!
I can’t believe I finally get to wear some decent clothes like a human being...! I’m so happy I could piss myself!
Um, excuse me, but would you happen to have any form-fitting, full-body tights...?
......
Oh. Yeah. I figured. Sorry.
Ask, and the Lord provides.
Wait, you’ve got some?! Oh, thank you, thank you!
The rest of you too—if you can’t find a fit for your fetish, say something! Today’s the only day you’ll be allowed to indulge!
I want some babywear! A-And some diapers too! Not the paper ones, either, I’m talking real fabric! Oh, polyester, though? I feel gross and chafe if it’s not 100% cotton... You’ve got cotton, right?
Any strapping man hoping for some sandals, come see me! I’ll heat them in this 1500-watt pocket so much they start to steam!
Line up, one at a time!
I’ve got to say this is a pretty well-camouflaged body check.
......
See? The guards are giving us the eagle eye, making sure we don’t have anything suspicious on us when we change clothes.
A-Are you going to be okay, Noah?
Yeah. I came prepared.
Everyone all changed? You folks in the back too?
You two sickos over there! All settled into your perv suits?!
Yeah. Got my badass fit...
...and elegance to match.
(END)
