This sure is... a church. Surprisingly clean too. It’s like someone brushes it up regularly.
That thing behind the podium-looking thing... what’s that?
W-W-W-W-W-W-We are now in the presence of Sister Julia! Faces forward, cocks out, flies open, full attention!
Ahaha.
Wahhhhhhh! Sister Juliaaaa!
Wow. People start to sound like crying babies if they scream loud enough.
Oh, glory be, glory be! Praises that the perverse are unified! Oh, how grateful I am that we mere monkeys are not persecuted, but are allowed to hear the word of the Lord!
Wait, weren’t you the one doing the persecuting?
......
Hello, my lost little lambs! Beche!
Thank you, dears, for making the long journey here. I’m sure you’re all exhausted.
This is the seat of the Lord, a place of purification where all will be forgiven. Do relax, dears, and allow yourself calm.
We have water for the thirsty, so I implore you to help yourselves.
We probably don’t want to touch this stuff. Ten thousand yen says it’s spiked.
They might already have something in the air. M-Maybe there’s a smell to it, or...?
Well, either way, I’m not going to fold to the drug that hurt my sister so much. I’m powering through this mess, no matter what.
Now then, there’s something I’d like to speak to all of you about: sex. Passions of the flesh.
Everyone here is a dyed-in-the-wool pervert. You have been judged for the crime of perversion and cast into a cage of iron.
Yet, I must ask. Is to be a sicko to sin? Is the lustful evil?
Sexual desire is given to us by God. It is an irresistible, biological urge.
If that is a crime, then we are all criminals. If it is sin, then that is our shared cross to bear.
Why, then, is it only those who seek their desired release judged as evil? Who bears the sinner’s cross?!
Y-Yeah! That’s right! If we’re criminals, and we’re not, then everyone in the whole world is!
I got arrested just for pulling out a lady’s pubes—that makes no sense! I mean, I’m an unlicensed hairdresser at worst, a real crotch specialist!
Definitely a criminal.
Everyone’s so excited. It’s not all cult members here, but for some reason... what she’s saying, it’s just...
That’s right, dears. You’re all pure, every one of you. All innocent.
Haa, haa... What’s, what’s going... on with me...?
The kingdom of heaven was made for you...
N-Noah, you’re looking r-really red...
Y-You too, Kane... You’re red to your ears...
God did not make you to be cast into the depths of the dungeons of man!
Is... Is it just me or is it getting louder...? Like, the music...?
Yet the heathens have forbidden the joys of sex and consigned you, innocent lambs, to bondage!
This sound, it’s so... weird and cheap and...
What fool would think nipples are for nothing but a babe’s milk?!
I-It’s looping and... getting louder...!
Is it not obvious to all? Is it not self-evident that breasts are full of joy, of pleasure, of love?!
Listening to this, it feels like...
Yet the world has spit upon the truth that God has revealed, cutting down our shaft to heaven!
I’m... starting to... lose... it...
Should not the guilt be borne not by you but by the world that has harmed you so without reason and without justification?!
She’s right... she’s right, she’s right, she’s right!
It is not you that is wrong, but this penitentiary.
Yeah, us being in prison, it’s n-n-n-n-n-n-n-nonsense, it’s b-b-b-b-bullshit!
After all. Sex brings pleasure. Pleasure brings joy. Joy brings smiles. Isn’t that right?
Sex is right, sex is right, sex is right...
Because if you smile... well, just look at how joyful the world can be!
Smiles are joy, smiles are joy, smiles are joy, smiles are joy, smiles are joy!
Allow me, then, to proclaim to you all in the name of the Lord!
Now, then, my lost puppae! My children, ever pure in spite of the burden of original sin!
Men, lower your flies! Women, cast off your skirts!
Now is the time we reclaim the purest act! Let us lay claim once again to sex and bring smiles back to where they belong! Arame! Ola! Piiiiiif!
Gaaaaaaaaaah!
Waaaaah, hww, yeah! I’m back in my birthday suit gettin’ my widdle babymaker babied, yeahh! Uh, heh, guh, heh, uhgyahhhhh!
Nn, oohh, I’m so full of olapif my clit’s getting harder and harder...! It’s like I really am from Planet Clitton!
Ahh...!
Ahahaha! Yes, yes, this is it! This is we as we should be, as the Lord desires!
Ahaha, no need to rush, babe... Make my throbbing muhihipussy say a pyupusha with that hippekt-filled dick! Take me to the future, make me Wonder Homan 6969!
Though move your hips you may, cum I will not!
Ah, your smiles, how beautiful they are! You’re so happy, aren’t you? So joy-filled? Oh, I can tell, I can tell!
I could cry with joy seeing how filled with smiles my church is... I |am| crying, in fact...!
Nnn, s-so it was... the sound that brainwashed...
Gender doesn’t matter in smile-filled sex, either! Man, woman—it means nothing! Expose everything! Be your true self in your joining! This is what the Lord desires!
T-This is getting crazy! N-Noah, what do we... Nnmm!
Nmm, mm... I won’t... shlp, bend to...
Y-You’ve already folded... Mm, nm...
Ahhh, Sissss... mmm, shlp... or Shuichiro...
I-I know I told you I’d be like another big sis, b-but...
Ahh, yes! This is divine joy! Holy ecstasy! True rehabilitation filled with smiles!
Once this ritual of purification ends, no longer will you be sinners! You will be pipitamimi, holy disciples of Perverse Orthofuxy!
No longer will you need to return to Tulip Prison! There will be no need, for you will be free of sin!
Let us leave our penitentiary behind and create here a new paradise!
A land of nothing but joy! A land that allows no sadness!
A true paradise where everyone will smile!
Ahaha! Hahahaha!
See? What’d I tell ya.
Hey, you there! Pair over there! Why the fuck aren’t you fucking?!
Shimonuma was right about crossdressing being addictive.
If you don’t get down right now and start having the sloppiest sex of your life, you know where you’re going? Not solitary—on your knees in front of my cunt!
Huh? No. No way in hell I’m saying that.
It’s a heartfelt request from your little brother.
Tch. Fine, fine, you got me there.
We don’t sing hymns in here—we moan! C’mon, make with the uuunh and aaahing, let’s hear it!
Oh, you’ll hear something, all right.
If you’re going to control people’s minds, doing evil for your twisted desires...
...and if you’re gonna get in our way...
We’ll fuckin’ inhume you—
—baby?
Hey, it’s Shuichiro!
The Chief and I take the stage, throwing off our costumes.
Nnn, nn, mmmm...
I’m pointing right at the mastermind behind this whole farce.
Heheh, heh, ahahaha!
After letting out a euphoric laugh, she starts to cry. Her tears are huge.
Ahhh! I knew you would come! Oh, our messiah!
Yeah. You had a pretty big crowd here.
Oh, I never doubted for a moment that you would grace us with your presence!
So sneaking in was easy.
It was you who told them about this place, wasn’t it... my dear Rin.
......
That day, I made contact with a certain someone after leaving the computer room.
Excuse me? ‘Oracle?’ What the hell are you talking about, I have no—
I saw you in the chapel.
Rin Hanamaru.
We met in a place rather special to me.
I’m predicting that she’s planning on brainwashing a good chunk of the prison population all at once.
......
Tell me the method and the time.
She gave me an appraising look.
What’s in that for me?
Nothing.
Any other proposals?
None.
Do you have ANYTHING to offer?
Not a thing.
Gahhh! Do you know even the first thing about negotiating, kid?!
Hanamaru is the type to only do what she stands to gain from.
Listen, when negotiating, you’ve gotta show how it’ll make things better than they are now—or at least look like it! God, you really have no experience in the real world, do you?
Think about it—obviously I’m not going to do something for you that’s all risk and no reward!
There is a reward.
I wasn’t worried, though.
If this problem doesn’t get solved... we won’t be able to finish making our game.
Excuse me?
Huh? Don’t you... wanna try our game?
Hanamaru has been watching over our game as its special advisor.
Anyone who’s engaged with the work in even the slightest capacity will feel its potential.
They’ll know it’ll definitely turn out good.
I truly believe there’s no way they can’t think that.
Ahhhhh!
After spending some time basking in her exasperation, Hanamaru tears at her head.
You know... you really are just like him.
Who?
Someone I knew when I was in school. He was older than me, though.
Were you close?
Like hell we were! I hated the guy! He thought the whole world would go his way, but the moron barely knew how society worked...
You know, when I was just about your age...
She stops.
Her eyes that love nothing more than to mock people stop and gaze into mine.
I feel like I see someone different reflected in her pupils. Someone who isn’t me.
All right, I’m going to do the first and last good thing in my life.
......
However, this is only because I’m sure that this will benefit me in some way down the line! That’s right, this is out of pure selfishness!
......?
I’m telling you I’ll give you the date of the sabbath! Once it’s settled!
......!
Big thanks, bro!
In exchange, you’d better put my name in the credits under Special Thanks, got that? ‘Literal Goddess Rin Hanamaru!’ Big letters!
It’ll be there, guaranteed!
I take her hand and give it a strong squeeze.
Thank you! Thank you so much!
Tch.
She lets out a quiet scoff.
(END)
To think that someone who prized money over everything else would cast aside her cushy position as oracle... Have you lost it, dear?
Sorry, I have no idea what you’re talking about.
She scoffs as usual with a face that says she has nothing to do with this.
Your betrayal is terribly painful, dear, but... I’ll live. I no longer need an oracle.
Not when we are finally in the presence of our messiah!
Uoooggh! God’s watching me banging bush! By pussy, redeemed! By pussy, redeemed!
By cock, redeeeeeemed! By cock, saaaaaaved!
Is this orchestra pleasing to your ears? Does the symphony of pleasure delight you?
Why would it?
Well, Shuichiro, dear... You always wanted to go to Seiran Island, didn’t you?
So I made our own little Seiran Island here. A place where people can fuck freely as they wish.
Ohhh! Ahhh!
I knew that it wouldn’t take long for you to arrive if I gave perverts a place to indulge in the pleasures of the flesh.
Which is why I decided to make one myself! A true utopia, an island full of sex and smiles!
You... are wrong.
What she’s saying is off-base, I think to myself.
And I think about why I think that.
The sickos here... were arrested because they couldn’t respect other people.
Through a series of complicated rules, the perverts of Seiran Island indulge their fetishes while respecting others.
That’s why they’re able to exist.
That’s something I can’t accept.
That’s why this is no utopia.
Basically, your method’s lacking.
Lacking in love.
Love! Ahahaha, love, they say! Ahaha!
Is that so? Well, either way, I’m afraid you only have one choice.
She snaps her fingers.
As she does, an ear-splitting sound rings out.
Guooohhhh! My hips, my hips won’t stop! I’m gonna cum just from the rubbing alone!
God in heaven, I’m cumming, I’m cumming!
The inmates around me begin thrusting their hips even more violently.
It starts to feel like the whole building is shaking.
What did you—
I just increased the dosage a touch. The ears are so much more sensitive than the eyes, so combining the senses has an immense effect.
Why, the very thought of what these criminals liberated from any sense of rationality or restraint will do to your dear friends... Oh, the horror! I couldn’t bear to mention it!
Ahhhh! Sisss! A-And occasionally Shuichirooo!
Urgh... k-keep it together, Noah...|Love this... mm, finger...
Lawless thug, what kind of stunt are you trying to pull?!
Ahahaha! Now, I really have to ask, just what did you even show up to do?!
It doesn’t look like you did any tricks or sabotages after sneaking in, either.
......
Do you honestly think heathens can survive a room of this many fanatics? Ahaha, what are you going to do, talk them down?!
D-Dammit, we don’t have any time...!
Now then, everyone! The manifestation of degeneration has appeared, threatening to destroy our kingdom of peace! Demons walk before us!
If you like fingers so much, Noah... h-here!
Ough?! Bllcch, nnn... bleeeech!
Now is the time to light the path of the righteous and purify them!
If you want to save your dear friends, ahaha, there’s only one thing to do!
Blech, gguuehh!
Oh, it’s out, there we go. Okay, so I push this...
Now, our Messiah, speak to us the word of the lord! Bring forth the kingdom of heaven!
Should be about time... four...
Because just look at this church! Look at how filled it is with smiles!
Mmm...
Ahahaha!
Two.
Hahahaha!
Ahah?!
......?!
Gwahhh?!
What... was that?!
An explosion, lady.
Why? How?!
Kamikaze drones.
Fire in the hole...! W-We did it, Noah!
Mmm... Huh? What was I...?
I passed on my message to Isumi and Noah through the porn magazine outside the prison.
It’s likely they’ll have a sabbath sometime soon.
And w-we’ve gotta stop that, right?
I knew they would decode it.
On top of that, they each have a critical talent.
I gathered up the leftover dynamite! B-Being able to do my job with only half really came in handy!
Good job.
I’ve set up the drones. It cost two million yen, but the duct route map in Shuichiro’s journal made it a cinch.
T-That’s a lotta money.
Okay, so it’s good if this bit lights up... Uhh, is this how I do it? Ahh, I wish I’d used a drone before!
All we need is Sofurin controlling them from a safe place.
Ahh, whatever! Onto the next one!
Urgggh?!
From there, we can easily deal grievous damage to the building.
......
Wait, of course... You need clear orders and keywords when brainwashing, otherwise it won’t work!
And you heard me giving orders to dear Sofurin when she was brainwashed!
......
That’s why you crossdressed to avoid the order for men to drop their pants and women to drop their skirts!
You made it harder for yourself to get brainwashed!
Then, you destroyed the monitor with your kamikaze drone!
No.
You’d known from the start that the drug was electronic, didn’t you?!
Not really.
Was dear Rin behind this all?!
Nope.
You were, weren’t you?!
No? I have my obligations. I didn’t tell them that much.
(END)
Hn?!
......
......
I had no idea.
Didn’t have a damn clue.
Huhhhhhhh?!?!?!
You barely gave the bones of this thing any thought, kid.
Sure didn’t.
Like, damn. Didn’t know digital drugs even existed, I think to myself.
Ahahahaa! Huh? Aha, w-what are you talking about?!
Then why, tell me? Why would you come running into here? You’d just get tortured or killed!
You didn’t come because you figured out what was going on?!
Well... You were planning on brainwashing all the prisoners, right?
So we figured... wouldn’t injuring all of them solve the problem?
AHHHH?!?!
There’s more air support on the way too.
What the hell is going onnnnn?!
W-We’ve still got thirty drones to go through, s-so let’s get out of here, Noah!
Huh...? Why’s Sofiya all naked in front of me...?
Ahhh, y-you’re not making this easy!
Himeru! Someone, anyone, one of my faithful flock! Seize them! Stop the explosions, now!
Urgh, what was I... What?! Why are the prisoners all fucking?! That’s kinda hot.
Gah! Why’s the building shaking?! Agh! Parts of the roof are starting to fall!
What’s going on?! Why am I naked? Why don’t I even have slippers on?!
Oh, looks like some of ’em are comin’ back to their senses.
Huh? It really was a digital drug.
Are you trying to kill off the whole penitentiary population?!
We believe in Isumi’s calculations. They’ve gotta be perfect.
Still, if someone ends up dead, well...
What can you do. Can’t be helped.
Huh?!
Are you fucking insane?!
You said you weren’t insane. Well, neither am I.
I don’t want to get to the root of the problem.
I just want to remove obstacles.
As long as I can beat Agatsuma, that’s all I need.
What about love?! Where’s the love in this?!
To you and your people, hardships like this are God’s love, right?
This is our love. Think you can handle it?
The building shakes and quakes in a din.
Dust particles of concrete rain down from above.
Holy shit, what’s going on? The damn building’s falling apart?!
Hurry outside, boys, now! We gotta get out of the church!
Heheh. Your precious believers are running off—you gonna let them?
A mass prisoner escape? Sounds like the responsibility will fall on you, Agatsuma.
The two of us grin as we point outside.
Why, you...!
Insolent scumbaaaaaaaags!
She lunges forward, whip cracking.
Think I’ll take the glory.
Go right ahead.
Hfff... YOU SWINE!
She, of course, stands no chance against the Chief in a fistfight.
Urgh!
The Chief buries her fist in Sister Julia’s face and drops her to the ground.
Sorry for pilferin’ the fun part, kid.
I’m glad I got to see you show off, Chief.
Ah... Gah...!
With that, we hit her with my catchphrase again.
Like we said before. You get in our way...
We’ll fuckin’ inhume you...
...baby!
The church falls to pieces.
(END)
The brainwashing saga met with a pretty dramatic end.
All Tulip Prison inmates, line up right here! Any funny movements and you’re getting cuffed!
I had the SST take up position around the church, just in case.
Put your hands behind your back and get face down on the floor. And don’t worry, the blast won’t reach here.
I didn’t want any prisoners to escape Ukkon Island or end up hiding out in its foliage.
They really come through for me. Corralling the prisoners is a lot smoother than I thought.
I’m punching you out if you make any funny movements, got it? And I really like punching people out, so feel free. Yeah, that’s what I like to see, lie still.
Still, everyone’s fresh out of being mind-controlled. I can’t imagine they’ll want to make a break for it.
After that, Dr. Higuchi gets cripplingly busy.
Okay, confirm they’ve made it out, then schedule counseling, then make some empty beds, and then...!
Since most of the prisoners have collapsed, the infirmary is at twelve hundred percent capacity.
Okay, scan the checklists and put them into the database, and for the drugs we’re missing... Oh, crap, am I going to have to change our medical supplier?!
Dr. Higuchi is as skilled a doctor as they come, but even she can’t brute force through the wave of patients.
So, she had to triage. She split the patients into three categories by seriousness of condition and had the ones with the lightest symptoms be treated in their cells.
Sis, I’m going to go wash the sheets since we don’t have enough! Oh, and Ozawa should be bringing in their food from the kitchen soon!
This is Sofiya! We need more personnel! Wait, Kobayashi, what are you goofing off for? There’s no one out there to keep watch over! Get your ass down here!
According to Sofurin, the hallucinations wear off after a few days, so we need to keep the patients in bed.
Ahhh! Stay away from me, little boys! T-They’re swarming me, trying to make me a sex criminaaaaal!
It’s okay, i-it’s okay... I’m totally flat, b-but I’m a woman...
Totally flat, though...
Those unaffected by the brainwashing—including prisoners mostly free of the influence—work to take care of those recovering.
Since the prison is in a state of emergency, the inmates are allowed to move about freely.
Got some water for you. Think you can drink it? C’mon, lean up and gulp down.
The Chief is also hard at work taking care of the sick.
Urgh... I-I’m so sorry, Chief...
It should have been our duty to protect you no matter the situation... And yet...!
Chief, I am truly, truly sorry...!
Heheh. If you’re back with me, I’ve got no harsh words for you.
Stand proud and pull it together. This is where you’ve really got to pull through.
Looking over the Hatae Trio, the Chief’s smile is filled with mercy.
Of course, I don’t have time to rest on my laurels, either.
Are you okay?
Yeah... I’m used to hypnosis...
My job here is to do detailed checks on all the patients, and then report their condition to Dr. Higuchi.
You’re not feeling too cold?
Yeah... As long as I’ve got this blanket on my body and cum on my cock, I’m right as rain...
The Obscenity Ward’s situation is on the smaller side, but we’re still dealing with patients in the triple digits.
Would you like my clothes?
Oh, er, I’m good, thanks.
......
Sometimes, I run off to another ward when they’re short on hands.
Hey... Sorry for all the trouble, Minato.
Don’t worry about it, Foreman.
Haha... No need for the modesty, Minato. You saved us. All of us. We woulda lost ourselves completely if you hadn’t shown up...
......
If you ever need anything, Minato... Me and the boys, we’ll... Urgh...
Thanks. You’ll need to rest up before that, though.
We’re running every which way in the prison, sleep-deprived as they come.
Goodness me, dear Shuichiro, you look like you haven’t slept in days.
The criminal mastermind, however, is as sunshine and rainbows as ever.
Are you doing okay? Want to go to confessional?
You evangelize like you breathe.
Doesn’t she?
Agatsuma ended up getting arrested after what she did.
She got hit for every drug-related crime on the books, not the least of which were possession, manufacture, and use.
The law hasn’t caught up to the type of drug she used, however: a digital one.
That’s why they got me for drug-facilitated sexual assault. Looks like I’m just like you, my dear Shuichiro! A bonafide sex criminal.
The courts have her for forcing a person into a sex act while her partner was mentally unable to consent, and the trial is still in process.
The trial is probably going to drag on. Maybe for decades if I’m unlucky.
What makes you say that?
Because Warden Mizushiro wants to keep me here forever, dear.
Since the Damned Ward is a detention center on paper, Sister Julia is being held here until her sentencing.
Ahaha... I’m sure they’ll send me to Tulip Prison when I’m sentenced.
The arrest and holding went smoothly because of the warden working behind the scenes.
That old hag... Oh, I’m sorry. That was rude. Anyway, I thought she was just an old lady who loved playing scholar. I had no idea she had such a scheming streak to her.
I can’t underestimate dear Hazuki, either. Oh, how I lost myself in the process, having so much fun... I’ll have to be just a bit more careful next time.
Sister Julia grins in the cell under my feet.
Looks like you really did become the prison’s messiah without even trying for it.
She looks like she’s on a little vacation.
What did you want to do, anyway?
Goodness, what a wonderful question. If I knew the answer to that, haha... I think I could have enjoyed life so much more.
She says that with her usual smile.
If you were with me, though... my plan would have been a success.
She doesn’t seem to be too sorry about anything.
I don’t expect her to be.
Are we fine just leaving her like that?
The warden, however, has left no stone unturned.
You don’t need to worry. I’ve given former Officer Agatsuma an appropriate handler.
......
Ahhhh! Captain Agatsuma! Er, former Captain Agatsuma! I can’t believe you would do such a thing!
Why... did it have to be you?
I can’t believe you would debase yourself with drugs right under my nose! Oh, how could this happen?! How could you have fallen so far?
There’s almost nothing out there I hate, but... Dear Himeru, I’d really rather be in an iron maiden than around you.
But you don’t need to worry about anything anymore, not now that I’m here!
You were completely useless in the church, too.
I, Himeru Yamagishi, take it upon myself to be with you twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week! I’ll bring you back onto the righteous path!
You never were one to listen to people. Not years ago and not now.
Let’s bring you back to the pure heart you had when we were young, big sis!
How many times have I told you to stop calling me that?!
Wait, what?
Correct.
......
......
Why?
They were friends in middle and high school, going to the same girls’ catholic academy. Agatsuma was a grade above.
Since former Officer Agatsuma was beautiful and popular, Officer Yamagishi looked up to her as a figure of admiration, seeing her as something of a big sister.
A big sister.
The yearning of young love.
And Sister Julia?
It seems she, as they say, hated the shit out of her.
Shit.
Shit.
Shit...
Wow, I think to myself.
I didn’t think the arrest and detainment process would go this quickly, though.
I learned that aside from red-handed arrests, there’s a lot of annoying paperwork to go through.
I had this processed particularly quickly. The police owe me quite the favor, you see.
......?
In any case, it looks like the warden’s help really made this case go smoothly.
Dude, I swear, I am SO sorry about all this!
Ozawa looks really, truly remorseful about betraying us like that.
I just... I don’t know what came over me, man. I was just in a really vulnerable, really shitty spot, and...!
Well? What’ll it be, kid?
I promise, man, I’ll never do something that shitty again! I swear!
I’ve already hit him, so... go ahead and do whatever you want, Chief.
Please, I’m beggin’ you, man, forgive me!
In that case, make the kid something nice to chow down on.
Huh?
Somethin’ nice for him, huh? He really loves raw fish, right?
But... ugh, the fish here ain’t nearly fresh enough to eat raw without getting sick as a dog. What the hell am I gonna do...?
Hey, I’m here to deliver the fresh-picked yams from the field out back. I’ll just leave them there.
Okay! Time to get back to our walk, Kotaro!
Yams... Ohhh!
In a cafeteria empty enough to move freely in, Ozawa serves me my meal directly.
Okay, here you go: marinaded tuna sashimi over rice. That oughta offset the freshness problem.
Slrrp... It’s pretty sticky but actually tasty. Unlike natto.
I eased the smell by putting in some wasabi too. Pretty tasty, huh?
N-Noah, you’ve got some around your mouth. Your skin’s sensitive, so y-you gotta clean it up...
Since they talked up the bowl a lot, I decide to give it a try.
......
Whatcha think?
Anything you make would be tasty.
Yeah?
Anything you make would be tasty!
Y-Yeah...?
Gh, feeling kind of itchy around my mouth...
Heheh. Well, if the kid likes it that much, I think you’ve earned yourself some praise.
S-See, I told you. Let me wipe you down...
Chief...
Om, nom, nom...
I’m... real sorry, Shuichiro.
Forgiven.
Y-Yeah? Eh, eheh.
And that wraps up the betrayal with no hard feelings anywhere.
Isumi and Noah are the heroes of this operation, picking up the plan I tried to communicate from so far away.
I’m really sorry for all the trouble.
Trouble is right. It’d be no exaggeration to say it was ridiculous, baffling even, to try to communicate your plan with a code like that.
W-We were so worried!
Heheh, well, we didn’t really have a choice. Sorry ’bout that.
Either way, we knew you two would figure out a way to turn things around.
Right?
The two seem to have gotten awfully close while we were away.
Oh. Y-Your finger.
......
What happened with them?
Beats me.
A |lot| closer than I thought.
Your hair’s pretty out of sorts, Isumi. It’s been a while—how about I give you a nice comb-over?
I-I can do it myself. It’s okay! M-More importantly, Noah, your braiding’s too loose again! Sit down, I’ll fix it for you.
C’mon, it’s just hair. I can just bundle it up and call it a day.
......
J-Just leave it to your elder! Eheh!
Kid.
What’s up?
Is this... what it feels like to have a daughter leave the nest?
Uh. Maybe...?
Speaking of contributions, Sofurin did an incredible job during the operation.
I decide to go and thank her myself.
Y-Yesss...?
A ghost-faced monster!
It’s a facemask, you moron!
Do you have any idea how much cleanup work there is? Personnel organization, so many damage reports and write-ups... and I’m the one who has to do it all!
From organizing the SST to administrative odds and ends—any slack the prisoners can’t pick up, she’s been taking on personally.
I don’t even have time to sleep, and that’s been murder on my skin... The bags under my eyes won’t go away, either...
Sounds pretty rough.
Yeah, thanks to a certain someone.
Thank you very much.
Don’t say that. I just owed you one and wanted to pay you back.
Noah said the same thing.
Heh. Well, we are sisters.
Then, I go to thank the most key player in the operation.
Agghh, I can’t believe I went and choked out my golden goose! Talk about a goddamn waste!
The religion of Perverse Orthofuxy was originally Hanamaru’s creation.
You didn’t have to confess, then.
Excuse me? You want me to throw your ass in super prison for truth-telling in the first degree?
It turns out that Perverse Orthofuxy is also what got her arrested. She took their fundraising too far.
The cult has disbanded and is gone without a trace.
You really helped out, either way.
Well, that was the last good deed of my life. I’d be real pissed if it didn’t go anywhere.
You’re a surprisingly good person.
For sure.
Yeah, I’m good. I’m such a saint even the most chaste monk’d cream his robes at the sight of my benevolence.
You really are the eroge professor!
Seriously, stop calling me that.
As thanks, I’ll clue you in on all the wonderful things about my sister.
Get lost.
Y-You just want me to go back to my beloved sister, right?!
The positive cunt-haver?
You really are nice!
Are you misreading me on purpose?!
Thank you so much!
Ugh! Enough, already! God, what IS this sensation? Like a warmth crawling over my heart...
She lets out a deep sigh, brushing us aside in disgust.
I’d love you to play our game when it’s done.
I might think about it. Tch.
Now I’ve gotta think of a new grift to con morons outta their money! Busy, busy...!
She puts her hands wistfully behind her head and grumbles as she leaves.
She might be the type to like bein’ free to her own devices more than she lets on.
You’re probably right.
There’s a lightness to her footfalls.
The Chief’s life slowly returns to normal too.
Chief Hatae! You’re finally back!
Thank you for everything you’ve done, and please accept our apologies!
She’s able to enjoy her afternoon breaks without worry, and she isn’t ambushed at random anymore, either.
The whole thing was a piece of cake. Glad to see you two are doing well too. Keep healthy.
Once all the members of the organization are back on their feet, everything will be back to normal.
I’m really glad our cool chief is back.
Is she really, though? Mind if I give her a little test?
Miss Skeptic.
Chief, say ‘I love you’ three thousand times.
I love you three thousand times over, baby.
So cool...!
Was that her shtick...?
Shuichiro was looking at your chest with horny eyes a while ago.
Heh. Don’t be silly, Noah.
My brother wouldn’t look at me like a piece of meat. You know that.
So...
...cool?
W-Whoa...
Right, kid?
S-She means it? She actually, genuinely means it?
Yeah. This is the Chief I know.
Still, there is one part of her that’s changed a bit.
When you think you can’t go any further, that’s when you push another set! Quit slacking! C’mon!
Grglgrglgrgl!
Bwah!
You got a lot better at holding your breath while I was out, huh? Looks like you kept up with your training.
Yeah, Commander Ohtabe was training me.
What? The Calabash Bitch’s dog?
Yeah, her.
If you want to get better at holding your breath, you really want to do high-intensity interval training.
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
Squats, ten-second rest, sprint, ten-second rest, burpees, ten-second rest, mountain climbers, ten-second rest.
Unf! Unf! Unf! Unf!
Drink your protein right after an exercise session.
Shllrp.
Take your HMB supplements afterwards.
Glp.
Eat chicken when you’re hungry. Then, mask up and go running.
Aye!
That’s most of what she told me.
......
She’s a professional and knows a ton about training.
Oh yeah?
Chief?
Yeahhhh?
Chief.
If she’s so great, then how about you go be |her| brother instead, huh?
Chief...
She’s been showing me the depths of her heart a little bit more.
(END)
I sat down and talked with the Chief after a good bit of time since the ordeal at the church passed.
Hey, kid... The ass part of your suit’s all torn up.
Oh, it is. Guess it’s because I’ve been taking it off a lot lately.
Hand it over. I’ll sew it up for you.
She easily mends the busted butt of my prisoner suit.
You’re really good.
Mmm. I had all the feminine basics bashed into me when I was a kid, so I know my way around a needle pretty well.
Escaping from the prison, even if she only made it as far as the island itself, has left the Chief with a higher score.
Sorry about the burden.
Don’t worry about it. I just want my brother to always look good.
She’s sitting at 0.1 right now.
Even though she’s the lowest of us all, that’s still a ten-year sentence.
But come to think of it, it’s kind of hard to call you kid anymore.
Is it?
It’s not like you don’t have the exploits under your belt. Plus, think about it—we shared the chalice of brotherhood, remember? How can I call you ‘kid’ after that?
All right. Shuichiro. You’re Shuichiro.
I’ve always been Shuichiro.
That’s not what I mean. I mean I’m going to call you Shuichiro from now on.
......!
Joy bubbles up. It’s like the Chief has acknowledged me.
Should I call you Cousin, then, instead of Chief?
Err. Well. About that.
Would Matriarch be better?
No, it’s... All right, remember how we shared the chalice back then?
It was more of a water bottle than a chalice.
The container doesn’t matter—it’s how you drink from it. And you drank first.
Should I not have?
In the yakuza world, how much you drink from the chalice decides your rank. Tell me—how much would you say you drank?
A bit over half? Sixty percent?
In our world, we’ve got a term: Six-Four Brothers.
So if I’m the one who drank six parts...
Then I’m the four.
Which means?
Kinda makes |me| the little brother here, Shuichiro.
Hn?!
Okay, that has me shaken and surprised.
I was supposed to be your little brother. Why am I the older one...?
That’s just how it goes.
But if people find out...
The whole Hatae Clan’ll probably come kick your ass, yeah.
Yakuza... sure are scary.
Heh, we sure are. The fact is, though, that as a brother of the Hatae Clan Chief, you’ve got it made. Anywhere you go, you’ll be taken care of.
How about joining the gang when you’re out? I’ll give you a cozy, special position—advisor, how’s that sound?
I’m not going to join the yakuza, though. That would make Hinako cry.
That aside, got any interest in a job that’s even more yakuza-like?
What’s more yakuza-like than being an actual yakuza?
I hear the game dev field’s got more violent rises and falls than the criminal underworld.
Making it way more yakuza-like than chopping fingers and running protection rackets.
We can finally work on the game as a team again.
It’s been the thing driving me this far.
I don’t care about anything else.
A team that involves you, Chief.
Call me Taeka. I’ll make sure the rest of the family is fine with it.
......
Then, she gives me a look.
Shuichiro... I threw in with you and that crazy plan you cooked up.
Because I figured that no matter what got broken on the way, you’d get us where we needed to go.
You’re the man I believe in, Shuichiro. Even if you get us a one-way ticket straight to hell, seeing it all through to the end with you... that’s the way of things.
Hm...?
What she’s saying is a little hard for me to understand.
That’s probably showing on my face. She strains out a bit of a smile and puts her hand on my head.
I’m looking forward to this ‘more yakuza-like than yakuza’ work you’ve got for us.
Really?!
Workin’ as an illustrator, huh? Heh... You know, that wouldn’t be half bad.
She laughs like she’s having the most fun she’s had in years.
With that, the cult scare and drug threat are both gone for good.
Peace should return to the prison soon.
Here we are.
I’ve escorted Mr. Kugitani to his cell. He seems to have gotten back to normal.
Ah, thanks. Ahh, ow, ow, my hips... I’m telling you. Advice from me, don’t get brainwashed.
He tells me that old age slowed his recovery.
The roof came down right in front of me. A few more centimeters and I would’ve been dead.
It was all calculated. No one actually died.
Sometimes you can die of shock, especially in my advanced age. Would a little empathy kill you?
Big sorry, bro.
He lets out a sigh of relief and tries to light a cigarette.
I confiscate it before he can, though. Doctor’s orders until he’s fully recovered.
He gives me a resentful look.
When’d you turn into such a goody two-shoes, huh? After blowing up the church, no less.
Health comes first, and I want you to have a long life.
That makes me want to hear why even more. That stunt of yours sent me right to the infirmary. You know how many bedsores I ended up with in there?
I don’t want you to die in prison, Mr. Kugitani. If you’ve got anyone on the outside, they’d be really sad.
Haha. That’s a big if.
He pulls out another cigarette like a magician.
It was your cigarettes that gave me the idea to send up a smoke signal.
Glad to help. I’d like to send up a smoke signal around now myself.
Since he hasn’t lit it, I decide to let it slide.
Anyway. Good thing no one died.
Yeah.
Nothing’s going to make you feel worse than killing someone. I don’t want you to go through that.
You sound like you’re talking from experience.
I am. I’m in for murder.
He says it so casually.
I feel like everything freezes.
Murder.
Yeah, ran two people through. Got pretty talked-about for being a double murder. Happened long, long ago before you were born.
Why’d you do it?
They killed my girlfriend. It’s not a deep story. I just got mad, real mad, and did it without any planning. Got arrested right away. Judge gave me some emotional leeway and sentenced me to life.
Mr. Kugitani blows out as if to puff out smoke from his unlit cigarette.
Is that who he’d offered flowers to?
I did something stupid. Incredibly stupid. Killing the guys who did it wasn’t going to bring her back.
All it got me was a conviction for murder. It lost me decades and decades of my life.
He stares wistfully upward as if watching smoke rise.
His face looks so... emotionless.
I thought this place was perverts only.
Generally, but that doesn’t apply to those who’ve been here forever. Not if you were locked up here before it became S-classes only.
True. Isumi was locked up here, and not for a sex crime.
Mr. Kugitani has a life sentence, and he’s been incarcerated here since before the place became Tulip Prison.
Killing someone...
Hm?
What’s it like?
I don’t know anything about the act of killing someone.
So I ask out of curiosity.
Like I said before, nothing makes you feel worse. Picture this: you’re just staring at blood, seeping across the floor as it spills out.
Just staring.
As the ripples slowly spread out, you realize that the person in front of you is dead. It becomes real.
You watch a person turn into an inanimate object. It’s not a good feeling. You’ve just pushed someone out of the category of ‘human.’ The sensation, it’s... Despair, slow but |heavy|.
There’s a convincing weight to his words.
There’s not a day that goes by I don’t regret what I’ve done.
Even I start to feel it.
But if I had another chance... if I was in the same situation, I’d do it again. That’s the sin I bear. A perfect match for Tulip Prison.
Death.
Until now I’ve thought of it as something outside of me. Something for others to think about.
I knew in my head that people died, but I had never truly felt it.
If you’re fine with waking up screaming from nightmares for decades to come, I won’t stop you. I don’t have the right to.
Baselessly, I had thought that I’d just keep on living.
But what Mr. Kugitani said makes me truly feel what death is.
But a killer has nowhere to go home to and no one waiting for him. It’s isolation. Sometimes, I remember that and just want to cry.
I don’t have a place to go home to, either.
You’ve got your sister waiting for you, don’t you? But me, no one’s going to cry if I die. A silver lining in a way, really.
Perhaps the damage the brainwashing and fatigue left on his body has let him show this slight vulnerability.
He seems to notice that, however, and shrugs with a smile.
I’m glad you don’t have to deal with that. Nightmares kill your sleep, and you’ve still got growing to do. You don’t want to be short all your life, do you?
I go back to the infirmary after bringing Mr. Kugitani to his cell.
So, Taeka has all of these little Taekas in her head, right? And they all talk over and discuss things. She said it was objective or something.
Oh? Does she, now?
Is that a thing? Like, medically speaking?
Well, there’s split personalities... dissociative identity disorder and all that, but it sounds like she’s just using a metaphor, right? As a way to organize her thoughts.
I see.
We chat while processing paperwork.
There are a ton of medical records to go through, and organizing them is no easy task.
Yeesh. Wonder how long this avalanche of work will keep up?
We really do need all the help we can get.
And you’re most of what’s available! Just look at the bags under my eyes! They’ve gotten so much worse with age...
So tired and dastardly you’re conscripting the youth.
Goodness! The one who’s always up to no good turning around and pointing the finger at me, is he?
She gives me a noogie.
I always like it when she does this.
Huh? A little light in the reaction department. Is something up?
Doctor.
Thaaaat’s me.
Is it wrong to kill people?
It sure is.
Why?
I guess I’d say that in the shared community we call society, no one has the right to trespass on the life of another?
Her phrasing is a little hard for me to follow.
Let’s put it this way. Okay, so, you’re alive, right?
On the outside, people used to tell me I’ve got dead eyes all the time.
But you’re still alive. You’ll be alive tomorrow, and you’ll probably be alive the day after. That’s beautiful, right?
Pretty normal.
And that normalcy is beautiful, really. So, it’s wrong for anyone to interfere with that. It’s wrong for you too, of course.
You mean, if I don’t want to be killed by others, I can’t kill anyone myself?
When you break it down, more or less.
So does that mean someone can kill others if they don’t mind being killed themselves?
Pretty much. Don’t you think there’s someone they have to kill before they get to butchering, though?
Huh? Who?
Themselves. It’s a little too selfish to kill others if you can’t even do that, don’t you think?
Dr. Higuchi says that life is a right we all have.
A right that no one can take from us.
Since I’m a doctor, though, I’ll have to say that dying from anything but natural causes is no good. After all, fighting against the irresistible is what we physicians are here for.
The idea is interesting, I think to myself.
I really like the idea that we have the right to be alive.
But, well, there’s a lot of people with a lot of ideas in the world. Some think no one has a right to life, and some don’t care about infringing on that right.
There’s a lot of ways of looking at things in the world. It’s like a big mix of value systems.
A big mix.
Which is why you’re definitely going to run into people you won’t reach an understanding with no matter how much you talk it over.
What do I do when that happens?
You run.
When you’re against someone there’s no point in fighting, you make sure you run. Physically and mentally.
Remember how I told you that my mother was beaten by the man she married? Well, she had a certain way of thinking about it at first.
What would that be?
She thought he’d understand her eventually if they talked it over.
But that was just never going to happen. People who use violence against others don’t really see them as human. If your pet barks at someone—|you scold them to discipline them, right?
It’s just like that. Discussion isn’t going to get you anywhere, so all you can do is run. Right? My mom’s pretty impressive, isn’t she?
She is.
Running away was probably the best choice.
Then, arm yourself with knowledge and arguments to protect your rights and defend yourself that way. That’s the kind of fight you have to be ready for.
In my mother’s case, it was to make sure he couldn’t contact us again, and to make sure he couldn’t win custody of me. Something like that.
Still, running just... doesn’t feel cool.
Fighting and winning feels more laudable to me.
Anyway. You really pulled a dangerous stunt this time, huh?
I did.
Well, what’s done is done! Do better next time! There is, though, something I wanted to ask you.
Yes?
This is something I’ve asked before, but, well, you said that the prisoners here were arrested because they didn’t respect others, right?
Right. They’re being perverted without love.
Dr. Higuchi said you needed love.
And I think she’s entirely right.
Then, that means you’re... Mm.
She shakes her head.
Did Amatsu agree with your plan?
He didn’t.
Amatsu was against blowing up the church.
It’s too dangerous, Shuichiro! People could end up dead!
But we have no other way to save them.
Still! If it goes wrong, you might even end up dead yourself!
When I was surviving in the wilds, I thought I might die.
Death has taken on a new sense of reality.
This is the most logical way.
Still, I went ahead with it because I believed it to be the most logical.
Then I have nothing left to say. You’re on your own, Shuichiro!
He was against it to the very end.
Oh, I... I see.
I’ve been feuding with him since.
......
See? He won’t talk even if I pull him out.
......
We see each other whenever it’s time to pee, but it’s just too awkward to say anything.
I... I see.
So I don’t think I’ll be able to help with your experiments anymore. Big sorry.
Dr. Higuchi just quietly looks down at the floor.
Why? I think to myself.
Seeming to notice my eyes on her, she smiles at me.
Ah, sorry about that. Just had a little something on my mind. I hope you two can make up soon!
We do fight sometimes. Like, we argued over what kind of accessories to wear for midnight streaking, and he really wanted to be blinged up...
Aha, that just sounds like some kind of high-level kink!
I look at the clock.
It’s about time for my appointment.
Time really does fly when I’m talking with Dr. Higuchi.
Oh, heading out already? Got plans?
Yeah. I’ve got an incredibly important appointment today.
With that, I bow my head and disappear into the darkness of the duct.
May I enter?
You may.
I step in after asking permission.
Prisoner Number 0720, Shuichiro Minato, ma’am.
You may be seated. I’m glad to see you’ve finally learned entrance etiquette.
Yes, ma’am.
I’m sure to be on my best behavior today.
I don’t want to mess up and have her tear into an opening.
It’s gotten rather cold lately. Would you care for a spot of tea?
Thank you very much.
I’ve finished every task the warden has given me.
Yugao, Sofurin, Sister Julia—every obstacle she wanted gone, I have crushed.
I made the nonsense I ran my mouth with—|restoring order to the prison—into a reality.
......
She said a reward would be waiting for me at the end of the road.
Strangely, my heart is racing with excitement.
Oh, right, there’s something I’d love to show you.
......!
She reaches into her desk drawer.
How about reading this with your tea?
A... newspaper?
She hands me a stack of about five issues of a famous Tokyo newspaper.
......
I’m a little disappointed, but I open it anyway.
Well? Surprised, I’m sure.
Warden Mizushiro.
Yes?
How do you read this thing?
Hm? Oh, right, kids these days. I suppose none of you read the newspaper anymore.
Someone’s surprised here, and it isn’t me.
I feel like we learned a bit of it in class.
You read newspapers in the classroom nowadays? Goodness, me, that’s a far cry from what schooling was like in my days.
She leans forward as she adjusts her glasses.
Now, then. You’ll want to start from the title here, and when the column shifts...
Ah, I see.
After she gives me the basics on how to parse a newspaper, I run my eyes over a bunch of different article titles.
It’s not being covered too much, huh?
A prison guard’s mass brainwashing and hostile takeover of a prison sounds like it would make for a good story.
Yet all the coverage it has is a small article deep in the paper.
I make copious donations to the media and government bodies each year, you see. That’s what our coal profits are for, as I’m sure you can imagine.
Tulip Prison boasts large reserves of particularly high-quality coal.
This is where the profits from it go.
The money ensures the smooth operation of the prison in spite of all its baggage.
So you sprinkle dark money around to make sure things go well?
This is how things work in the real world, I’m afraid. Now, while I’ve never been a miser, this incident ran slightly over budget.
Though Tulip Prison is protected by an immense wall of coin, rumors tend to spread quietly. Like air escaping from the tiniest hole in a tire.
Despite our high rate of rehabilitation and social reintegration, Japan as a whole has little interest in the affairs of criminals. Our endeavors have no meaning unless they are widely known.
Which means that there is little as important as the success of the upcoming Tulip Prison Correctional Exhibition.
Come to think of it, I saw something about an exhibition in Sofurin’s room.
I hear it’s a yearly event where guards and prisoners alike work together to decorate the prison.
We have an event like that? Even though this is supposed to be the phantom precinct, ma’am?
Indeed. It’s a small, yearly event where we invite the residents of nearby islands. We do need our neighbors to understand this facility after all.
She mentions that they only invite those from islands a few dozen kilometers away, however.
For most of my term I’ve kept Tulip Prison hidden and private to avoid misunderstandings, but to stay behind the scenes forever is to bar us from the societal understanding we need.
Therefore, this event will be different. I have decided to invite the media and elevate coverage of it to the national stage.
Now is the time to prove the utility of the criminality coefficient system, and a fantastic chance to urge its widespread adoption.
I see what she’s getting at, I think to myself.
If society sees their usefulness, even the most stubborn bureaucrat in the justice ministry should begin to move, making scores in all prisons public.
To her, this is the moment to finally reveal everything she’s been building up in Tulip Prison.
However.
However, Tulip Prison has lost two of its greatest pillars of strength. With Officer Yugao and former Officer Agatsuma out of power, the prison has effectively been deprived of half its functionality.
Most unfortunate is that none of the three proved to be a worthy successor.
What’s wrong with Sofurin?
Captain Shikolenko lacks the strength to take over. Was it not you who proved that?
She has a point. I can’t imagine Sofurin taking over the warden’s job.
She’s too good a person.
As such, young Shuichiro, I designate you representative of the inmate population and assign you as head of the event planning committee.
If she doesn’t have any worthy staff, she has to look elsewhere.
Since I defeated all three of the captains, I can see why she’d go with me.
This will be your greatest trial. The greatest test of your mettle.
This means that I’ll have to wait on the data until the event is a succ—
Oh, but before that.
Here you go.
She places a long, plastic stick on the desk.
Is this...?
You’ll find that game of yours I confiscated inside.
......
She says it with a warmth on her face I’ve never seen before.
Your reward. I do look forward to its completion.
I leave the warden’s office.
Not through the duct route but on foot.
I don’t have to worry about anyone seeing me anymore. I can move freely now.
I am walking.
......
In my right hand is the game data that once was lost.
......
My body starts to run.
......!
I’m not stopping.
Not stopping. Not stopping. Not stopping.
Nothing’s stopping me now.
Yahoooo!
I scream to the night sky.
(END)
