I got really busy getting ready for my prison break after that.
Moving so many people is going to be noisy.
That means I’m going to have to look up a day where the weather is rough enough to cover the sound.
So some vegetables got sent to the kitchen, all wrapped in newspaper... and next week’s gonna be all rain, all the time.
Thanks.
Easier than expected.
Even if we get to the slagheap, we can’t just dive into the sea and get swimming.
The currents around the prison are too complicated. No matter how much or how hard we swim, we’ll get washed back.
This means I need to arrange us a boat.
That takes money. Money and connections.
Excuse me? A BOAT?
So I decide to turn to the former cult leader on the outside, Hanamaru.
Ahaha, good one, bucko! Almost as funny as the time I played breeding stallion with a random Fuckrari on the street with my own car! Plowed into it from behind—talk about horsepower!
I’m serious.
......
Like, for real.
But a boat? That’s something even I’ve never wanted. You have any idea how greedy I am too...?
I guess even Hanamaru would be surprised.
Big please, bro.
I mean, I guess if I rang one of my old faithful he could grab me a ship...
I’ll even strip for you.
Look, kid, I don’t want the shirt off your back, all right?
She swats my hand away, looking annoyed.
Still, I’ve figured out how to deal with her pretty well.
Think of it as emotional distress compensation for giving you my first kiss.
Come again?
That was my first kiss. THAT.
Yeah? And so what?
I want a boat as an apology.
Gh... D-Don’t look at me with those pure, innocent puppy-dog eyes!
You’re the only one I can turn to.
Aahhhhhhh, FINE, FINE!
She’s probably got a soft spot for... younger guys.
My guess is it’s because she’s never been liked by someone lower than her before.
You’re a surprisingly good person.
I told you to quit it!
In any case, it looks like the boat situation is under control.
With the way the slag is expelled from the coal mine, it should be piled up essentially randomly.
And going off of what Isumi said before, the pile has likely formed a little mountain.
We may end up having to climb it in intense wind and rain.
Just in case, then, I want to have some tools prepared.
First, I needed to gather up seawater and sea shells.
Since I’m no longer a coal miner, though, I’m not allowed down there anymore.
Hey, Minato. Brought you the stuff you asked for.
So I asked Mr. Bear.
Thanks.
Ah, don’t sweat it. You’re gonna be back in the coal mine with us before long, right? Because I’m gonna work you to the bone when you are.
Sure thing.
I won’t be around by then, but I nod anyway.
I’ve already ordered the next thing I need.
Boooks! Oh, Exhibitiman! Here’s your book, the one you ordered yesterday.
Thanks.
Ahaha. Books! Books, for anyone who wants them!
Booooks! If you want any, let’s hear it! Booooks!
The thing I asked the smuggler for is in my hands.
Sandpaper.
I fill in for someone’s night duty and heat up a ton of charcoal.
Then, I make thin, tough boards out of seashells and seawater, using the same methods as when I made those prostate massagers.
If I then pare them down with a knife and organize them finely by number...
Done.
...I can make knives pretty easily.
Gyahhhh! There’s a naked sicko with a knife in here!
......
Sometimes, I get caught while doing my preparations.
Crappymori, keep this a secret.
......?
Please.
D-Did you say something? I didn’t hear anything.
I really need you to keep this a secret.
Ah, ahaha... Y-Your life, it’s in my hands! Oh, this is funny. I could get used to this!
Please.
Ahaha! Y-Your begging only makes me want to tattle more!
......
T-They’ll send your ass underground for weapons possession, eheheh... You’ll go down, down, down and die!
And with you gone, I’ll probably never get sent underground again... eheh, heh, heh, heh...
Since that would ruin everything, I have no choice but to use my ace in the hole.
Commander Ohtabe.
You called, Minato?
Can I request a favor?
Keep watch on her and make sure she doesn’t say anything inconvenient?
Yes.
Roger.
Huh, what?! W-Why’d you pop out of the darkness, SST boss?! I-I haven’t done anything, really!
While it is true that I strengthened the warden’s grip on authority...
Sometimes, what’s true isn’t what
...I built up power on my own during that time.
Gyahhhh! I swear, every time I talk to that kiiiiiid!
I should be able to prove a match for her.
What’s most important is the girls themselves.
This prison break endeavor won’t mean anything if I can’t get them out of their cells.
So I have Sofurin on it.
Oh? Goodness me, what brings the mighty administrator of the Obscenity Ward herself down into these musty, miserable depths?
As head of the Treatment Division, managing inmates is my job. As long as most of the prisoners are here, so will I—hey, you! You’re not slacking, are you?!
Oh? Little ole me?
Urgh?!
Goodness, me, if it isn’t my dear Sofurin! What brings you down here?
Ahaha, don’t tell me you’re scoping out a prison break?
Her job is to let Isumi, Taeka, and Noah out when the opportunity presents itself and quickly guide them into the duct route.
D-Don’t be ridiculous! And, wait, why are you so chipper?
Then, immediately run away after.
Who’s to say? I was known to hide myself away underground and do all sorts of delightful experiments when I was little, so that might have left me accustomed to the scent of death.
That’s all it should take to make this prison break a success.
......
I take a look at how the three are doing.
......
Taeka is gallantly glaring straight ahead.
Past her strength, however, I can see dire fatigue on her face.
Gh... haa... nnn...
Noah looks clearly worn down.
I should expect to have to carry her when we’re escaping.
......
Isumi, on the other hand, looks surprisingly fine.
Her being used to the cell likely has a hand in it, but she looks deeply lonely.
......
I’m surprised at how much it pains my chest to see them.
Just hold on a little longer.
Just a little bit, then we’ll be able to go back to making our game again.
Now, everything’s ready.
Now I just need to memorize and practice the right route... then I’ll be good to go any time.
I can’t imagine I’ll be able to crawl through the ducts while consulting my journal on the day of the escape—we’ll likely be moving fast while the prison starts mobilizing against us.
No second chances.
I have to get this right the first time.
That’s why my preparations have to be this meticulous.
They’ll probably be really surprised when I suddenly spring a jailbreak on them.
It’s kind of funny to imagine.
Puts a smile on my face for the first time in a long time.
Then, I finally get to my destination.
......
The exit has been completely sealed off by iron bars.
......?!
I didn’t take the wrong path.
I can see the slag from under the opening.
This is the right place. It has to be.
But why?!
It’s been completely welded shut.
No matter how much I smack it with my knife, the bars don’t budge.
Why?!
Why has the exit been sealed?
Did someone find out? Did word get out?
No, that’s not possible.
We’re the only ones who should know about the duct r—
Hn...?
A piece of paper is snugly fit in an opening of the welded window.
It’s got some thickness to it. Looks like a letter.
The moonlight peeking through the bars illuminates it.
Letters in fancy, proper cursive where I can see them read: To Young Shuichiro.
Only one person calls me that.
I’ve taken the liberty of sealing up this hole. I wouldn’t want any rats scurrying about.
That’s all it says.
......
Which means.
Ah...
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
The warden’s been playing me like a fiddle this whole time.
Have you had enough of playing rat yet?
Warden Mizushiro is standing on the other side of the bars.
So, you actually came. If you’ve gotten the plotting out of your system, cease with these games and come back to me.
I believe at this point even the most foolish would understand: you are no match for me.
Beyond the bars lies freedom.
You have both a talent and capacity that not even you know.
Yet there stands the warden.
If you simply allow me to educate you, you could become a world-class administrator. A person of consequence, of influence... yet you refuse to realize that. Why?
Bars are between us.
It is not too late. Come back to me. If you do, I will forgive you for all of these transgressions.
I should have been able to reach out and grasp at the free night air.
Yet, I cannot. I have been decisively barred.
I will admit to acting somewhat emotional. But I am sure that if you are given the right knowledge, if you come to know how the world should truly be, you will—
Don’t you lie to me, you charlatan.
Excuse me?
I’ve never been assailed by this kind of emotion before.
You’ve been bending the law in this prison of yours.
The charges against me were indecent exposure and assault of an officer.
But all I actually did was the former, streaking.
For the latter, all that happened was my dick making contact with the cop.
My cock isn’t as thick as an encyclopedia. No one’s going to count it as a deadly weapon.
And like everyone said, my ten-year sentence makes no sense.
I read through the newspapers.
As I looked for articles about the girls’ cases, I spotted an article about an exhibitionist who got caught in the midst of a blizzard.
EXHIBITIONIST CAUGHT AFTER NAKED CHASE! PERP’S CHESTNUTS ROASTED NOW—ONE OFFICER WOUNDED.
It was a short article in a small space, but not lacking in detail.
The suspect resisted arrest by officers while engaged in exhibitionism and took off running across the downtown area.
One of the officers who tried to seize him was seriously injured and transported to a hospital, where the officer is now on the road to recovery.
The article laid it all out clearly and concisely.
......
It even included the time at which the injured officer and the suspect were transported to the hospital.
The medical report was presented at the trial, but the prosecutor never mentioned the recorded time.
And, representing myself, I had no way of knowing how unfair that was.
......
Because in reality, the time on the report was hours before my arrest.
So a false connection was created between my exhibitionism and something that had nothing to do with it.
All in an effort to manipulate the opinion of the public.
I know why my exhibitionism sentence was lengthened so much.
But what would the point of that be?
Who would stand to benefit from manipulating things behind the scenes, lengthening the sentences of sex offenders?
Longer sentences mean bigger numbers, and bigger numbers mean more influence.
She has enough of a reason to.
The prison needed more bodies for its numbers. More prisoners.
The larger the sample size of the experiment, the larger the attendant profits.
With how deep your connections to the legal system are from how much money you’ve thrown around, it wouldn’t be impossible for you.
This emotion, exploding inside of me...
To show the effectiveness of the criminality coefficient system... you wanted sex criminals, and a lot of them.
...is boiling, uncontainable rage.
You twisted the law to put your theory into practice. To try to categorize innate and situational criminals.
I would tear her to shreds if I could reach her.
You call yourself a scholar, a seeker of truth, but you’ve done nothing but bend it!
I want to snap her neck and rend her beyond recognition.
That’s what you call justice? How is it any different from crime?!
......
I want to rail into her as hard as I can, letting my rage take over.
You’re just acting like a selfish child who wants to burn down what she doesn’t want to see! There’s no logic or reason behind it!
I can’t let her continue to exist in this world.
All you are is a con artist!
I can’t accept her being alive.
You’re the one who deserves to be in prison, you criminal!
I want to kill her.
And it looks like the feeling is mutual.
......
Her face has rage written on it the likes of which I’ve never seen before.
It seems that we cannot and never will reach an understanding.
Yeah. We’re never seeing eye to eye again.
I go back the way I came.
Then, remember this!
She shouts with a rage I’ve never heard from her.
As long as you are in this prison, your freedom, your rights—all are in my hands!
I decide whether any of you inmates live or die!
And I will have you know intimately, through visceral pain, just what that means! Oh, I assure you, you will regret mocking me as you have, child!
I do not turn back.
That will be the punishment I enact on you—you prisoners who have betrayed me time and time again!
I return to the prison with her shouts behind me.
(END)
//Notes on the Grand Route
//Mayhaps a change later (IK)
The story so far.
After overcoming countless battles, Protagonist (temp) finally faced his most taxing trial of all.
To the surprise of all, the nurse at the local hospital that he knew turned out to be behind everything.
The Lust Stone fragment I possess has the power to turn any PESPer mad! There’s not a sicko alive who can defeat me!
Wielding a fragment of the Lust Stone that crashed into the earth 6969 years ago to create the Lustveins, she augmented the PESP of the city, forcing its perverts to run wild.
You sickos have been infected by the germ of the Lustveins—you are sick. Diseased. You must be quarantined, sorted, and managed. Only then will the City be free of illness!
She was a normie who worked behind the scenes in an effort to control and conquer the sickos, a new breed of humanity.
She then riled up the normie city dwellers by making a public show of the perverts and the dangers they posed.
The finest medicine can be made from the most dangerous poison! Come, citizens of the City, let us control these perverts and make an ever more peaceful town!
That was her objective.
Protagonist (temp) and the other PESPers found themselves betrayed by the very people of the City they had fought so hard to protect.
Persecuted simply for being perverts, they fled from place to place, seeking safety.
On the way, trying to help Protagonist (temp), Heroine One died, Heroine Two passed away, and Heroine Three ended up inhumed.
Protagonist (temp) was all that remained.
I’ve lost... everything. But... it’s... it’s not over yet.
Protagonist (temp) loved the city and he loved his friends.
To protect the heroines, he stood up once again, ready to fight.
Sofurin lost most of her power after that.
What’s gotten into you? Why aren’t you following my orders?!
I’m afraid you no longer possess any authority over this unit.
With no authority over the SST, she is unable to give them orders anymore.
What do you mean, I’ve lost authority? What is going on?!
Authority over this unit is to be entirely transferred over to her.
Command over the prison’s security as a whole has been given to a rather... surprising person.
I have just been assigned as the new captain of the Department of Correctional Treatment’s Special Security Division! Deputy Warden Himeru Yamagishi, reporting for duty!
Though young and inexperienced, I trust my senior staff will guide me on the path to success!
......
Now we’re coworkers on even footing, Captain Shikolenko!
......
You’re kidding.
There’s no way that idiot could pass the proper civil servant exams. That old hag is absolutely pulling the strings behind the scenes.
Well, the warden wouldn’t do such a thing, so I imagine she... passed on her own...
......
Officer Yamagishi is the warden’s distant relative.
It would be no surprise if this had been prepared beforehand.
The SST itself saw a drastic staff change too.
The SST is a contract company from the outside to begin with, so all you need to change it is the division captain’s go-ahead.
Warden Mizushiro ordered Officer Yamagishi to conduct a large-scale replacement of the security team’s personnel.
The team’s been changing, bit by bit. We’re from the same company, but different departments. I’ve only met them once, but they’re... special. They charge a lot, but they’ll do
Ultimately, the team ended up consisting mainly of personnel in the warden’s pocket.
My title of commander doesn’t have any meaning anymore, either. You’d best think of everyone on the team as being under the warden’s control.
Commander Ohtabe’s orders no longer have any authority.
I think they’ll force me to quit soon too. Once the shift of authority and personnel is done, that’ll be it.
I figure it’s to root out all that remains of Yugao’s old clique.
I’m... I’m sorry I couldn’t help more.
She whispers, sadness in her voice.
With the violent power of the SST in her pocket, no one in the prison can oppose the warden.
The security forces will crack down on anyone at the slightest provocation, and if the offender is seen to be stalled in their rehabilitation, they’re sent back underground.
They say the wise ruler makes an example of a single wrongdoer to keep the rest in line.
No one would want to go back down into that hell. Not after experiencing it once.
But the warden, well... she made an example out of everyone, with unmistakable effects.
Tch. Hard nowadays to even breathe, man. You kidding me?
......
The only thing anyone can do is pray it won’t be their turn next.
Something comes over me slowly after my boiling rage.
Oh... Right...
Unspeakable pain.
I’m... not getting out of here. Ever.
Mizushiro isn’t going to forgive me. Not after what I said.
No matter what I do, I’m... never getting to make my game again.
Since I know all her secrets, she’s never letting me out. She wouldn’t.
Never... again...
My dream of completing my game is crushed.
No matter what I do, no matter how hard I try, I will never be able to touch it again.
With my head, with my skin, with my everything.
Nn... Ah...
I understand, comprehend, and internalize that immovable fact.
Gh... Nnn... Snff... Ahh...
Anything I could do means nothing. It’s too late.
Nn... snff... ghh...
There is nothing I can do.
Snfff... Unnnh...!
I have nothing left to grapple with but an unmovable reality.
Ah... ahh, aahhhhhh!
I sink deeper and deeper into despair.
The three haven’t been brought up to the surface yet.
I can’t imagine the warden plans to do so.
She wasn’t kidding. She really does hold our lives in her hands.
Erogerogerogero!
When I think that, I just can’t stop vomiting.
Ghhk! Erogerogeerogero!
My stomach rebels against me when night falls, and I’ve been vomiting every evening.
She can kill us if she so pleases.
I don’t want to think about them leaving this world.
But in reality, that’s not too unlikely.
Ahh... haahh...
The thought leaves me shaking.
Ah... nn...
She knows that, and I’m sure that’s why she’s left me on the surface.
She wants me to feel that anxiety. To bask in it.
Ghhk... erogerogerogero!
But I can’t bask in it.
I can only be crushed by it.
By now, three weeks have passed since they’ve been locked away.
The end will come in less than a week.
......
I’m sure the warden left me up here on purpose.
All to show me just how powerless I am.
To show me in visceral detail how little I can truly do.
And she’s right.
I feel, painfully, how powerless I am.
The fact of my foolishness has been beaten into me.
So, I’m done.
I’m just about done.
So, to get our game back.
To let me stay who I am.
I take the most logical approach.
If you’re looking for the warden, she isn’t here.
All that awaited me was Mr. Kugitani.
What are you doing here?
I’m a smuggler. I’ve got my routes, and the guards know me. They’ll let me take a night walk on occasion if I’m willing to grease a palm or two.
He opens his hands, letting fake money drop to the floor.
The door was unlocked. And right around when I felt relieved no one was home, you showed up. Just as expected.
I’ll ask you again. What are you doing here?
I’m an information broker too. Didn’t take much to find out what you made with that sandpaper I got you. Looks like you’re clutching it with your right.
I pull out my hand-made knife.
Going to kill Warden Mizushiro with that?
Yeah.
I’m here to end her life.
If she dies, someone will take her place. They’ll see the people put unjustly underground and bring them back up.
There’s no stopping her otherwise. She’s rushing too much, too obsessed with seeing her plan through. She can’t make rational decisions anymore.
At the very least, I won’t have to worry about them being killed off.
It’s my fault this happened, so I have to kill and stop her.
I don’t care what happens after that.
That’s shallow, kid. It’s not like Sofurin’s going to be the new warden. All we’ll get is some stuffed bureaucrat or the like. Just someone with the warden’s tendrils in them.
Then I’ll kill them too.
You’re just going to keep killing, then? You’re going to empty out the Ministry of Justice?
If I don’t have any other options.
Cut the bullshit! Killing people is the worst way of getting anything done.
Then I’ll leave the prison after I kill Mizushiro.
And do what? Live as a fugitive? With no one giving you money or shelter?
There’s evidence on the outside—evidence that proves I’m innocent of everything but streaking.
I have a way of proving my innocence.
I’ll show the evidence to the people who falsely charged me.
I’ll spread the word of Mizushiro’s corruption too.
That won’t work! You’re the one who said she has the media in her pocket, remember? They’ll crush your evidence and then crush you.
Then what am I supposed to do? What other solution is there?
Listen, sometimes in life, you’ve got to know when to give up. Now is one of those times.
What the hell do you mean, give up?
Give up on the others? Give up on my game?
You want me to forget the beauty I’ve finally found?
That’s what it means to grow up. It’s what we’ve all been through. I won’t pretend to understand your pain, but you’ve got to—
You want me to just let everything be taken from me?!
Why do you care about your game that much?!
How the hell am I supposed to know?!
Then let me tell you why. People care about you when you’re making it.
As long as you’re making your game, as long as you’re working on it, you aren’t being ignored. You don’t feel abandoned by the world. Someone sees you. Pays attention to you.
Just like when you streaked for the first time after a lifetime of parental neglect. That’s why you...
He pauses.
What is this, psychoanalysis?
No. Just... age and experience.
He slightly averts his eyes.
I don’t care. I don’t care about what happens next.
I’m going to fight until the very end.
I’m just moving to the beat of these maddening impulses.
I’m not giving up. Not until my game is done.
No one can stop me, no matter who they are.
This is proof of my existence. I don’t care if it kills me.
I won’t let anyone stop me, no matter who they are.
No matter what happens, I’ll keep fighting until—
Do you want to kill someone and end up like me?!
I’ve never heard him yell with such rage before.
I find myself frozen and stunned.
I just don’t want to saddle you with this sin.
He sounds like he’s pleading.
......
The raging heat that animated me suddenly fades.
I can’t bring myself to say anything else.
I wasn’t able to kill the warden.
I admit it to Dr. Higuchi.
I felt so close to success too.
Since I tried to kill her even though you told me it’s wrong to kill people...
I’ll be leaving this in your hands.
I pass her my handmade knife.
Big sorry.
......
Dr. Higuchi’s face tells me she can’t say anything.
When... you were thinking of breaking out of the prison...
...what were you planning on doing on the outside?
Instead, she asks me a question.
Noah said she had twenty million yen saved up, so I was going to have us escape overseas with it.
You think you can pull off something that wily?
I’ve managed to make it this far, so I’m sure it’ll work out.
You might have ended up wanted criminals, having to constantly look over your shoulders.
They know what they signed up for.
And you’d force them to live like that for the rest of their lives?
That’s... that’s just what it means to keep on fighting, isn’t it?
They would have been sad if you’d killed someone.
I would explain how logical it was. They would understand.
Because, well... we wouldn’t be able to finish our game otherwise.
That so, huh? You really are strong, Shuichiro.
She puts her pencil down as usual and slightly turns away.
You’ve been strong since the day you set foot on this island.
Have I?
Yeah. See, most normal inmates, they bend. They latch onto the strong and pick the safest way to get by. They do what they have to to avoid getting hurt anymore.
Most adults, well... that’s how they live their lives.
But you, Shuichiro. You’re different.
Not when you were thrown into this prison; not when you were tormented by the other prisoners, or subjected to cruel and unusual punishment by a... certain someone, or tricked by an evil adult...
Not when you were sent to solitary, not when your nails were torn off, not when you broke your bones, not when your teeth were pried out, not when you had to live in the wilderness...
Not once did you fold.
You have an unbending will. Nothing fazes you, much less breaks you.
Staying true to yourself and your core principles is a hard thing for most everyone, but you make it look easy.
Even on the outside, enchanted by the act of exhibitionism, I kept on getting naked and kept on streaking.
I didn’t give up on it, no matter how many times I was arrested.
That’s why I’m sure the outside world was, well... a really tough place for you to live in, huh?
That’s why I ended up incarcerated in Tulip Prison.
Where does that power come from? How does a young man like you have so much strength?
......?
The answer is in here.
She puts her hand to her chest.
My chest?
Then, she slowly brings her hand down.
My... crotch?
That’s right. Your penis.
The being in my crotch.
Amatsu.
People always worry. They stagger and falter. The world is full of things you can’t find answers for yourself... so they fret. We fret.
Most will be conflicted, wrestling with themselves over what the answer is.
I’m sure some even talk it over with the other selves that live in their hearts.
But most people don’t end up... actually being of two completely different minds.
She pulls out a paper from her desk drawer and looks at it for a while.
What I’m trying to say is... you have two actual minds.
She then places it in front of me.
Amatsu... and Shuichiro Minato, the main personality.
......
My diagnostic results are on the paper, the results of the poll-like test I once took in this room.
In most cases of dissociative identity disorder, the patient loses consciousness when they switch personalities.
Amid a sea of diagnoses and unchecked boxes, one item is checked: “Mental disorder.”
Unlike every mental illness test I’ve ever taken in a hospital.
That isn’t the case with you. You’ve split your personality into an object: your penis.
Unlike every one I’ve ever filled out while following Amatsu’s directions.
The effect his loss has had on me is laid out plainly on the page.
That allowed you to act as an exception—for you both to be conscious at the same time.
My parents spent all their time looking after my deeply ill sister, and I grew up mostly ignored.
I wanted someone to care and pay attention to me, but they did not.
By fashioning him as someone older than you who you could talk to, you made yourself, in essence, fully autonomous.
That’s when Amatsu appeared, as someone I could rely on.
By having conversations within yourself and ignoring stimulation from the outside world, you obtained that resilient mind.
Speaking with him allowed me to fill out the emptiness of my life.
It’s less that you’re a devotee of logic and efficiency and more that your thinking is too... self-contained. Too inwardly focused.
That’s why I stopped wanting my parents to pay attention to me or to make friends.
Because you’re complete in yourself and can satisfy your needs, you don’t need the outside stimulus of other people.
I stopped wanting anyone to understand me.
So it just may be the case that unlike most other people... you really, truly can live fully on your own.
I stopped finding my isolation lonely.
But while you seem strong as steel... that strength may as well be painted-on chrome, ready to collapse at any time.
Amatsu would always chastise me when I needed it and guide me along the right path.
People fail. They fail again and again, and through that, they learn how to give up or to deal with what they’ve failed at.
All I ever needed to do was listen to what he said.
But you... your body has grown up, but you still have the ego of a child.
I stopped needing to think for myself.
Failing, giving up, suffering... all of those elements, all of those steps to adulthood, you gave them all to Amatsu. That left you with an ego, a mind, with no room for anyone else.
So without him, I’ve completely lost the part of me that grew up.
I became a person who can truly exist alone.
You’ve helped a lot of people with that strength, and you’ve made a bunch of friends.
I’ve solved many of the prison’s problems.
But if you truly escaped the prison with your friends... don’t you think they would suffer?
I defeated Yugao, I fixed Sofurin’s relationship with Noah, and I saved the brainwashed from Agatsuma.
Do you really think they could keep on fighting like you can, all to see the game finished?
I gained people I could call friends. I gained power.
And is that really going to make them happy?
That’s why I thought I could do anything.
It looks like... you really didn’t notice how important thinking that far ahead is.
I was wrong.
The biggest problem... was me.
You weren’t able to ask for someone’s help and indulge in their kindness like Isumi.
Solving prison conflicts? Solving my friends’ problems? All I did was “fix” things at a surface level.
You weren’t able to realize that not everyone is as strong as you are and truly grow up like Noah.
Because I didn’t go deeper into anything, I never grew.
You weren’t able to grasp that you can’t live on being strong alone like Taeka.
I waved the word love around but never understood what it really meant.
That’s why... You became a person that has the power to be alone and not much else.
And I was completely unaware of my own shallowness throughout.
That’s why... actually helping others may be difficult for you in the truest sense of the word.
I’ve been a child this whole time.
But that’s, well. That’s definitely not your fault. It wasn’t your doing, and I mean that.
But that’s why I’ve... always been worried about you, Shuichiro.
There is true sadness on her face as she says that.
Because I know that if they end up hurt from your fight, you’ll end up hurt too.
I have always believed in Dr. Higuchi.
Now, I feel like I clearly know why.
I know you’ll wear yourself ragged if you keep on fighting for them.
It’s because she has an air to her.
An air that reminds me of my sister.
And I know after fighting on will alone, you’ll hit your limit eventually.
And I made her sad.
I wanted to finish my game, no matter what.
I needed to help the other three to do so, and if they ended up saved that way, I’d be happy too.
So I wanted to get them out of their bondage, no matter what I had to do.
But if... if it’s come to that...
But I made a great mistake.
My method didn’t have a hint of love to it.
Even though I’d been taught that was what was most important.
Do you remember what I said before?
It looks like the blood rushing to my head had me confused for a while.
So I decide to organize my thoughts in the simplest way.
Logically. Efficiently.
In a very Shuichiro Minato way.
How if you’re up against someone you’re never going to reach an understanding with, you can’t fight them. You have to run.
What I want to do most. What I have to do most.
Is complete the game.
Next comes making everyone in Team 69 happy.
You...
After that comes not making this person, so much like my sister, sad.
I will.
My path is clear. I will love them all.
(END)
Nn... Tch. Another rat. Do they even care about keeping this place clean...?
Whoop.
Shuichiro?! How the hell’d you get here? You have any idea how many guards are crawling around?
Shhh. That’s why I’ll pull out soon. I’ll keep it brief.
Keep what br—kff, kff!
Are you okay?
The air’s just a little... Kff, bad. Nothing for you to worry about...
That won’t do. Don’t worry, you won’t have to dry cough anymore soon.
Tell me—how about breathing in air far fresher than what the prison’s surface has got?
Huh? What are you...?
I’ve got arrangements to get out good to go. Get ready.
Get... out? How the hell are we going to...?
It’s simple. Just request a retrial.
Your arrest was a setup, and you were always innocent—they got you on charges for distributing that new drug, ‘H.’
But the real culprit for that is in prison now, isn’t she?
Hmmm?
So if you request a retrial, they’ll have to find you innocent.
Don’t be... Don’t be ridiculous. How am I going to request a retrial down here? And besides... Dark Grandma up there has too many friends in the legal system. It’ll just get thrown out...
You’ll be fine. I guarantee it.
Besides, if I just... up and waltzed out of here, leaving you all behind, my... my reputation’d...
You don’t need to worry about that, either.
Since we did such a good job putting the Correctional Exhibition together, she’s letting us all out.
Letting us... all...?
The exhibition did a lot to bring positive attention to the warden’s research, so she’s in high spirits. Said she wanted to give back.
Are you... you serious? Hah, hahaha, damn... music to my ears...
She’s only keeping it to those who’s earned it, of course. And you have put in a lot of work as a mediator, Chief.
Tch, bloody hell. Guess doin’ your diligence and sticking to the straight and narrow pays off sometimes... weird as it is for a yakuza to say.
You’ve got to get out of here.
Make sure you request that retrial! Really!
Zzz... Nnn... Zzz. Kff, kff!
I figured you would be having the worst time.
Oh. Y-Yeah. May not look it, but... I did grow up pretty sheltered...
Are you okay?
This place really sucks, but... I’ve... I’ve gotten a bit used to it.
I think that level of adaptability is pretty impressive.
Not being able to see... Kff, you or Sofiya does... nn, suck a little. A lot.
You sure are being... forthcoming.
I-It’s not like acting tough in this shithole will... get me anywhere...
But, well... if I’m seeing things before I die, I’m glad the vision was at least... a nice one...
Keep it together, Noah!
Wish I could have... had a vision of my sister, too...
Beggars can’t be choosers.
I have no... regrets...
Wake up.
Gh... Huh? Shuichiro? It is you! Oh, I really wanted to see youuuu!
Shh... I’ll keep this brief. You’ll be able to leave if you pay bail.
Bail...? B-But isn’t that something the... court has to give the okay for...?
Your good work for the exhibition paid off, and the warden herself has promised to arrange for things. Should work out. It’ll cost you, though.
H-How much...?
Probably twenty million.
Twenty mil...? T-That’s everything I have. N-Normally it would just be three million... What’ll I have left over for my fugitive life with Sofiya...?
You won’t need to bankroll life on the lam, and Sofurin’ll be able to visit you from time to time. You won’t need to be in the prison to see her.
Ka...
‘Cash?’ Is money that important to you?
N-No... Kane, Taeka, and... and you. What’ll happen to you...?
We’re all getting out too. I figured you’d miss us, so I did some talking.
We’ll... We’ll all be able to leave? Ah, ahaha... in that case, a measly twenty mil is a bargain...
Exactly. I’ll leave before someone comes, but remember to make that request for bail, all right?
Hello.
Shu... Shuichiro...?
That’s my name.
Ah! I-It’s... b-b-been...
A long time, yeah. I figured you’d be the most fine.
Y-Yeah. I-I’m used to... living underground, so I’m... I’m fine here.
Glad you’re fine and elevated.
B-But I don’t g-get to talk much, s-so it’s hard to talk. Again.
Don’t worry, I never minded. Still, I figured you were starting to miss the sun up top.
Y-Yeah... i-it’s gotten a lot worse down here than before. E-Everyone’s always coughing too. R-Really worrying.
They look like they’ve been better, but it’ll be okay. They’ll be out really soon.
T-They will?
Yeah, they’re leaving the prison. We’re leaving the prison.
B-But I’m in for... murder. They said I could never leave.
No need to worry about that, I’ve done the research.
I flipped through some newspapers to find that the orphanage you told me about had all of its main members investigated.
They got arrested on something different, but they’re in another prison now.
With their testimony, it’s possible the court will count your actions as justified self-defense.
C-Can we... f-find them?
I’m going to get the warden’s help since she has a lot of connections. She does owe us for how successful the Correctional Exhibition was.
You’ve already been here for ten years. It shouldn’t be that big a deal to let you out.
T-They’ll... let me outside...?
Worried about stepping outside after so long?
Y-Yeah. I don’t know what’s changed out there... a-and I don’t have anywhere to go.
That’s why we’re all leaving together.
Don’t have anywhere to go? You just need to go with us. There won’t be a thing to be scared of if you’re with us.
......
If anyone messes with you, Taeka’ll smack ’em with a yakuza punch and Noah’ll make their lives hell with her drone fleet.
D-Did you...?
Hm?
Did you always... t-talk that much?
I... I think I’m always like this.
Oh. Right. M-Maybe, yeah.
I’ll do all the paperwork. Just get yourself ready to get out of here.
S-Shuichiro, you’re...
You’re coming with us, too, right?
I sure am.
G-Great! I-It’s been forever since I’ve been outside, a-and it is pretty scary, but... it’ll be fun if we’re a-all together, right?
It sure will.
C-Can’t wait. Eheh, eheh, heheh.
I’ll be heading out, so just hold tight.
I start to walk away from her cell.
H-Hey, Shuichiro!
She calls out to me, her voice surprisingly energetic.
T-There’s something I’ve... I’ve always wanted to say!
She fidgets out her words.
Thanks for telling me you wanted me to write the story b-back then!
Thanks for telling me you needed me!
Thanks for letting me know that... that I’m here!
Her smile is much too bright for this abyss.
I know the guards and SST aren’t around at this hour.
So I decided to simply walk out of the Damned Ward.
Hellooooo!
I hear a clanging at my feet.
It’s me, Shuichiro, dear! Julia! Julia Agatsuma!
Looks like Sister Julia is in the cell under me.
You seem to be doing well for how long you’ve been down here.
The other guards say it’s because I was mad to begin with. Terrible, don’t you think? They’re my former coworkers too!
I agree.
I’ve spent years locked underground doing drug experiments back home, so that might have something to do with it.
The heiress of a huge pharmaceutical company comes out and says that, her smile lacking the class I expect of her station.
Now, I happened to overhear your little conversation... Ahaha, ‘thank you,’ such a wonderful pair of words, don’t you think?
And how very selfless you are, dear Shuichiro! Why, the very picture of service to one’s fellow man!
How admirable, how beautiful, oh, how...
...how pitiful.
......
But I suppose... that is simply the shape love takes. Your love takes.
She talks like she understands.
Your way of thinking, your way of deciding, is always one of madness...
That’s why I thought you could become our messiah.
That’s why I said you were just like me, my dear Shuichiro.
(END)
A few days later.
We’re at Dolphin Pier, close to the yard. All four of us.
Tch. Finally above ground and can’t even see the sun. What an island, huh?
I can’t believe the day would come when I thought the dank sea breeze up here felt fresh. It’s like I’ve come back from the dead.
W-We’re really going to leave the island, huh? F-Finally!
Congratulations on making it out.
Huh? Oh, yeah.
Tch, talking like that doesn’t include you.
N-Noah, look! Look at the big boat! Real floaty... i-it’s so cool! Eheh, eheh!
What kind of magic did you pull, though? There’s no way in hell that old hag would let us out just because we did good on the exhibition.
S-Sis, you’ve gotta take care of your health, okay?! And you’ve just got to come visit once I get an address settled in, a-all right?!
I bet you pulled something flashy and reckless like you always do. Heh. Really, what am I going to do with you?
Ah... yeah, that’ll probably happen soon. Maybe.
Now, those who’ve finished their sentences, get on the ship! Make sure you don’t find yourself back here!
Their clamoring is music to my ears.
Watch your step, Isumi...
Today... is a good day.
W-Whoa! It shook! I-It’s been ten years!
You’re all doing so well.
You think they’ll sell anything for seasickness on the boat?
And I couldn’t be happier to see it.
Today is truly... a good day.
Hey, Shuichiro, how long you planning on stalling for? Get your ass on this boat.
Yeah, hop on before they make you do a second playthrough of your prison sentence!
C’mon, Shuichiro, hurry!
No. I’m not going.
Minato... isn’t allowed on this boat.
I’m... staying here.
What?
Huh? Wait, what do you mean?
That’s what it took to let you guys out.
I want you to let those three out.
I went to the warden to have my final bout of negotiations.
They’ve either been sentenced while innocent or have been held unfairly. They have every right to be set free.
I had not expected to see you, but... whatever the truth may be, this is what the law has decided. They cannot be set free.
I know your connections. You should be able to pull it off.
The warden was clearly having difficulty dealing with me.
If she threw me into the Damned Ward, I would regain the mental fortress of my friends.
Keeping me alive on the surface, however, presented challenges of its own.
So how about we make a deal, Warden Mizushiro?
With the condition being your silence?
Yeah.
After all, I knew far too many of both the warden’s and the prison’s secrets.
Even if decades passed and I completed my sentence, she could not simply let me walk.
If she left me be, there was no telling when I might share her secrets with someone.
The three of them don’t know the prison’s secrets. Letting them out won’t hurt you at all.
Do you have a way of proving their ignorance?
Even if they were privy to your secrets, you know more than anyone how hard it would be for them to spread word around.
Killing me wouldn’t be easy, either.
Aside from a certain ace up the institution’s sleeve, even the no-rights zone of Tulip Prison can’t cover up a death.
If you can erase an island, you can wipe out a whisper.
So she would want to lock me away.
Somewhere away from any and all contact.
I take this to mean you are set on not returning to my service?
We no longer trust each other. There... There’s no going back.
So I’d gotten to thinking.
I thought of everything as simply and easily as I could and came up with a conclusion.
All I cared about was seeing the game made.
I’m afraid this prison has the criminality coefficient system to contend with. Unless an inmate has a score of zero, they cannot be released.
To that end, I needed Team 69.
At the same time, I wanted to save the three of them.
Not even I can bring a number so large down to zero at will, especially not after making the scores public so recently. I trust you remember this from your lessons?
I do.
But I remember that it was the total score that couldn’t be suddenly changed, not individual ones.
I figured that letting them out of the prison and returning them to normal life would make them happy.
You cannot be serious.
There’s one person I can cut out if I want to achieve both goals.
I’ll take all three of their scores.
Me.
Shuichiro Minato is unnecessary to either goal.
That should let you fudge the numbers.
If the project has the three of them, the game will get made eventually. Guaranteed.
Thinking logically, I am unneeded.
Seeing your determination, it sounds like you’ve squirreled the game data away somewhere under my nose.
Unfortunately for you, however, I intend to work towards censorship on the outside as well.
Even if you finish it, I’m afraid you won’t have any way to release it.
I don’t mind.
I can accept that.
Nothing is more important than it being made.
I won’t ask for anything else.
Take care of the game for me.
Hey, kid, you’d better start explaining real fast!
The ship’s about to leave port, so quit making trouble for the other passengers! Get in your seat, now! Security!
......
H-Hold on, I can’t follow any of this! What’s going on?!
Ah, ahh...!
Make sure you finish it, all right?
The foghorn sounds.
The ship leaves the pier and slowly heads off into the distance.
Shuichiro, you motherfucker! How dare you draw up a scheme like this without me! I swear, if you don’t start explaining—
If you weren’t half unconscious, Taeka, I don’t think I could have pulled one over you like that.
I want you to keep on guiding the others with that wisdom of yours.
Why, why, why? Whyyyyyyyyy?!
You probably didn’t notice I was lying, Noah. I think you’re the type to be had by those you trust pretty easily.
Dr. Higuchi said you’ve got a similar strength to me, so I figure you’ll be all right wherever you are.
Ah...!
Isumi... You probably noticed.
Unh... snff...
You’re pretty smart, and you’re the type to think about a lot of things even if you look like you’re spacing out.
You fooooool!
The waves absorb their cries. I can’t hear them anymore.
Then allow me to conduct my final confirmations. Young Shuichiro Minato, prisoner number 0720.
To save Taeka Hatae, do you consent to taking her criminality coefficient of 0.1?
I do.
To save Noah Kurebayashi, do you consent to taking her criminality coefficient of 0.2?
I do.
To save Isumi Kurokane, do you consent to taking her criminality coefficient of 0.5?
I do.
That leaves you with a total score of 1.0.
A criminal sentence of one hundred years, more than your lifetime and with no room for rehabilitation.
In other words, you have chosen to bear their sins...
...and face the death penalty. Do you understand this?
I do.
......
Before I know it, the boat has disappeared into the horizon.
They’re gone entirely from my sight.
Do you really... accept this? I... I just can’t.
It was the most rational way.
I cut out what was needed the least to save everyone.
Not only that, but I would get my wish too.
This is... the expression of my love.
It was the only way for us all to win.
When I first met you, I... I really didn’t like you.
Her delivery is slow and staggered like she’s searching for the words.
It’s probably because you... reminded me of her. Of Noah. You made me think of her... so the sight of you annoyed me.
But you really came through for us. You pushed us to make up and act like sisters again. I started to like her again too.
So...
Now, Minato. I... I like you.
She sounds like a child desperately trying to hold back tears.
This... This is wrong. It has to be! Just hold on, Minato, I’ll... I’ll figure something out!
Tulip Prison is a far darker place than she has in mind.
There is, simply, nothing that can be done.
Take care of them for me.
So I ask Sofurin to do what she can and I leave.
I wander around Tulip Prison after that. Just a little bit.
I want to burn the image of the place deep, deep into my eyes.
The warden has at least allowed me that.
......
I have a wad of fuxx, the prison currency, in my right hand.
I won’t be needing it anymore.
I throw it up into the air around me.
......
The last place I visit is the wall I defaced in ages past.
Hey there.
That’s where I run into Mr. Kugitani.
Normally, you’re not allowed to see prisoners off, whichever direction they’re going. There shouldn’t be any inmates here.
Unless they have a special reason to be.
So, Mr. Kugitani... it was you who was leaking information to the warden.
When’d you notice?
Just now.
Now that’s a surprise. Here I thought you’d at least be wondering for a while if it was me or the good doctor.
Dr. Higuchi knew about the duct route. She knew about my escape plan too.
Oh? Why finger me, then?
She didn’t know about the files being diffused over all the computers.
Warden Mizushiro knew that the game data had been diffused throughout all the computers in the room.
I don’t remember telling Dr. Higuchi about that.
And you’ve been serving a penal servitude sentence since before this prison existed.
You shouldn’t be part of the score system, just like Chisato wasn’t.
And if he isn’t—then that excuse he made about getting caught with contraband every so often, and being stuck in here because of it? It doesn’t make sense.
That’s all.
There was only one person it came up in conversation with.
Joji Kugitani. No one else.
One more thing: Dr. Higuchi would never betray me.
Haha. I seem the betraying type, then?
I didn’t think you would betray me, either.
One of the first things I thought when I got incarcerated was that I needed to become a better judge of character.
Mr. Kugitani was the first person to explain the importance of that to me.
It really played out like you warned.
Sorry for what I did to you... but that’s why she’s allowed me to keep running my smuggling business. Had to tell her everything I saw.
The warden did mention having a web of eyes and ears in the prison.
Meaning that everything on my mind, she knew through Mr. Kugitani.
Were you her first student?
Yeah.
And you’re from Seiran Island, aren’t you?
Good job picking that up. The staff here doesn’t take too kindly to people from there—when it made the shift to Tulip Prison, the guards treated me like shit. Only she offered me a helping hand.
She gave me her lessons. Groomed me to be the next master of the prison, you could say. Was the same stuff you learned.
Felt nice to learn the hidden ins and outs of the world. I got into it. Absorbed it like a sponge.
The last trial she gave me was to fully cut off my home island. To wipe out Seiran Island entirely. If I couldn’t commit to it, I couldn’t pass the test.
I couldn’t commit. I failed. And now, here I am, a mediocre smuggler and information broker, living and dying by the warden’s mood.
I can see how he’s lived his life.
Before I knew it, I’d gotten used to it. The man who lashed out against the madness of the world enough to kill two people was nothing more than a castrated lapdog.
Dr. Higuchi said that was what it meant to become an adult.
Wild you can keep a smile on.
I was smiling?
Yeah. Even though I know you know what’s waiting for you up ahead.
Self-denigration colors his tone as he puts a cigarette to his mouth, hands slightly shaking.
Do you hate me?
Why would I?
You’re kidding, right? I...
Remember what I said to you, way back? How if you don’t hold onto your heart, this place’ll turn you into a monster? That’s what happened.
I turned into a monster in this prison. You’re still human. You have every right to hate a monster.
I wasn’t planning on hating him.
I am, however, curious about something.
Why didn’t you try to fight?
You loved your hometown, right? The warden stole it from you. Why didn’t you fight back?
Fight? Hah. You think I could do that? Not everyone’s as tough as you are, Exhibitiman.
I wouldn’t say that.
You’ve taught me so much, Mr. Kugitani.
I mean, you’re the one who taught me how great freedom is.
......
I turn around, seeing nothing but the prison.
I’m sure this is the last time I’ll see this. Any of this.
Take care, Mr. Kugitani.
Aye.
Hope in my chest, I step towards the depths.
Keep safe.
You too. Keep safe.
We don’t knock fists.
(END)
//Notes on the Grand Route (Part 2)
The story so far.
Protagonist (temp) went on a quest to gather the Lust Stone fragments, the source of all perverts’ powers.
He leaped through the boundaries of space and time with the remaining PESPers, heading for boundless parallel worlds.
These were other possible realities, worlds in which his parallel selves had gotten together with each heroine.
......
He gathered up the fragments of the Lust Stone that had been lost in the main world.
Then, by combining the Infuckity Stones (temp) he’d gathered, he succeeded in making a pure Lust Stone.
Now... I can bring them all back.
He absorbed the stone into himself and began to furiously rub his rod.
You can’t, Protagonist (temp)! Your body can’t handle that level of power! You’re going to turn into cumescence itself!
//Might make this Heroine Two’s brother (IK)
I don’t care! Uooooohhhhhh!
Protagonist (temp) unleashed a storm of cumescence.
So powerful was the rotation of his cock that he succeeded in making the earth spin backwards.
//Like hell he did, come on (SS)
This turned back time, bringing the heroines back to life.
However, the prodigious revolution tore Protagonist (temp)’s body asunder, sealing him in a space in between dimensions.
He floated through a blank void for what felt like an eternity...
They put me in what is, essentially, the solitary confinement cell of the Damned Ward.
A place I cleaned up a few times back when I worked here.
A place sectioned off from the other forsaken.
In the ward’s cells, you can at least talk with the other prisoners. Here, you cannot.
There are no cuffs or chains.
All they let me have is a pencil and a new journal.
The warden told me the journal was for my rehabilitation.
Even now, she wants to see me rehabilitated. She demands it.
Writing in my journal is, unfortunately, a little hard.
I can’t see anything.
My cell is pitch black.
What time is it? Is it day? Night?
I can’t even tell that.
It doesn’t take that much time for my eyes to get used to the dark.
I can start to tell, dimly, what kind of room I’m in.
It’s cramped. Not even three square meters.
If I lie down and stretch my legs, they’re hitting the wall.
The ceiling isn’t tall, either. I’ll hit my head if I stand straight up.
It’s cramped in here.
A tiny cavern, carved out underground where no one knows.
It feels like I’m all alone in the world now.
This is where they’ll keep me bound.
I don’t think they’ll ever let me out.
Growing accustomed to the dark comes with some problems.
Whenever light pours in, and it pours in suddenly, it scorches my eyes.
Food comes in once a day through the tiny slit in the door.
Water comes in at the same time.
The meal is always a slimy, porridge-like gruel.
It has no taste or texture.
There is no stimulation down here.
I can see nothing.
I can feel nothing.
There is no sound.
I can hear nothing.
The deafening quiet has caused my ears to ring.
An unusually high-pitched noise stabs at my eardrums.
Kff, hhkk...
At some point, I start to dry cough.
The air underground is musty. Feels like there’s something sickening in it.
Kff, hhk, kfff!
My coughs get louder and louder.
How much time has passed since they put me in here?
The joints in my knees start to hurt. A lot.
I’ve kept them bent in the same position while I lie down since I can’t stretch my legs. That’s probably why.
The desire to move my body grows stronger.
Yet the space is too cramped to get any good movement in.
If I try to stretch, I hit the wall.
I try a variety of stances.
I try bending my knees while lying down, I try stretching my legs as far diagonal as I can go, I try putting my soles against the wall and lifting myself up.
Nothing feels right. It’s as if my whole body is stiffening up.
The desire to move my body grows stronger.
But I can’t. The room is too small.
I can’t even stretch.
So I look for a comfortable position.
I notice that I’ve been thinking in circles.
At the same time, I feel impossibly boxed in.
Meals are the bare minimum.
......
Even trapped in a box and using no energy, the human body still gets hungry.
My stomach growls. Vexingly so.
The growling gives way to pain.
Gh...
The sensation starts like needles poking at my stomach.
A pain from the inside working its way out.
It hurts.
Next comes a tearing pain right under my solar plexus, like I’m being pulled in two directions.
Like I’m being crushed and gouged out at the same time.
My body and belly crave food.
My stomach thrashes about like a wild animal, demanding nutrition.
Ahhhh...
I stick out my tongue.
It has no effect.
Urgh...
I hold down my lower abdomen.
It has no effect.
Nnnn!
I punch my stomach.
That seems to numb the pain a little.
I push my stomach against the wall. I manage to hold on.
Pain.
Urgghhh...
So much pain.
Urgggggghh...
Unendurable pain.
Urgggghhhhhhh...!
I had no idea an empty stomach could hurt this much.
This room has absolutely no external stimulus.
Sight, sound, taste—most of my senses are dulled and sealed.
No one talks to me here.
I want something to happen. Some stimulation. I scratch at my skin.
Gh...
It quickly gets sore and starts to hurt.
I haven’t bathed in what feels like a long time. Grime falls off my arm.
I’m the type of person who doesn’t mind being on his own.
Hinako told me that she suffers hard if she doesn’t talk with someone for at least an hour a day, but that’s nothing to me.
That’s why I thought I’d be fine locked away deep underground.
Eventually, my voice starts to leave me.
Ah... Ahh...
Worried, I decide to intentionally vocalize.
Speaking to nothing, however, is surprisingly difficult.
Uh... Ah...
I pretend the wall is a person and start to talk to it.
Wait, no... That’s...
It does not answer.
Instead, the wall moves.
......
It feels like the cramped walls are gradually closing in.
Nn... ah...
I feel like they’re going to suck me in. Crush me.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Before I know it, I’m screaming.
Someone, anyone!
I’ve observed people lose their minds in the Damned Ward.
I had thought they’d caught some sort of disease, one unique to this underground hell.
Someone, listen to me!
I was wrong.
You don’t need a disease. You just need to be locked in a cramped box for a few days to lose your mind.
I’m begging you, say something!
I am not here.
I conceive of myself as “here” because someone, anyone, recognizes and acknowledges me.
Anyone!
But with no one watching me, I cannot know if I am here.
I feel my very existence starting to fade.
God, anyone!
All I feel is fear. Fear and trembling.
Eventually, I lose my appetite.
Maybe my dulled senses have stopped me from feeling hunger anymore.
I don’t even feel like moving anymore. It only brings pain.
Could you stop lounging and start eating? That food’s not there for you to waste it. Make this easier for both of us and eat it, all right?
On rare occasion, guards will complain at me and leave.
Rarer still, people I know will visit.
I’m here on... special permission. She allowed me to say goodbye.
I lost my job. When I refused to switch departments, they told me to pack my bags. I... I don’t have a place in the prison anymore.
I’m... I’m sorry. I tried to find a way to get you out of here, but I just... I wasn’t strong enough for it.
Minato, I’m just... I’m so sorry...
Sofurin apologizes through tears again and again.
Minato, you’ve... lost so much weight.
You heard about Captain Shikolenko...? Yeah. Me, too. She put pressure on my company, and I ended up getting fired.
It looks like she’s driving out every last person with any connection to you. Oh, no, don’t apologize. I should be the one to. I couldn’t do anything for you... I’m sorry.
Well... I can’t in good conscience wish you luck, but... make sure you eat, okay?
This must be a special punishment.
One to show me in visceral detail that I have no more allies in Tulip Prison.
Brief contact with people makes the loneliness even stronger.
Remembering the world outside this cell roils my heart. My emotions fall into chaos.
This room. Dark. Cramped. Dark. Cramped. Dark.
It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts.
Ah...
Dark cramped dark cramped dark cramped dark cramped dark cramped dark cramped dark cramped dark cramped.
Ah... ahh...
It hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts hurts.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
What time is it?
Where am I?
Why am I here?
What do... What should I do...?
It feels like something is going to break in me. Like I’m going to lose it.
Come on, Amatsu... Say something...
Amatsu... Amatsu...
My old friend hasn’t opened his mouth once.
Eventually, I lose even the mental stamina to move.
I just lie on the floor. I don’t even fidget.
I become a breathing corpse, staring into nothing.
Dr. Higuchi said I was a person able to live completely on my own.
She was wrong.
I’m just like anyone else.
Just a mere mortal.
One who desperately wants the hurting to stop.
......
My pencil, sharp, is next to my rehabilitation journal.
I might just be able to die if I punctured my throat with it.
I might be able to escape this inferno of suffering.
They’ve settled on your execution date.
But I never do it.
It might be thanks to a certain... satisfaction.
Anyone you’d like to see or anything you’d like to eat before the end? I see. Until then, then.
I am in pain. Agony, even.
But I don’t regret a thing.
If the game gets made, that’s all I need.
Your execution is on the—
As fate would have it, that’s my birthday.
I have a few weeks until my death.
A surprising pair of items is sent to my cell.
A bucket of hot water and a moldy towel.
Since I haven’t had any chances to wash myself, I gladly help myself to the lukewarm water.
That proves a mistake.
Ghh! Nnn...!
The room itself is cold.
My wet body chills up, and I lose my stamina in the blink of an eye.
I catch a cold and grow weaker and weaker.
There are no covers in this cell. I can only quiver.
......
When I hear Dr. Higuchi’s voice, I think I am hallucinating at first.
Did you catch a cold? Oh, no, your fever must be... Just hold on, okay? I’ll wipe you down to keep you warm—hey, I’m going in! He’s sick in there!
She brings my torso up and I feel a little better.
Doc...tor...
I’m here for you... Oh, no, the malnutrition’s gotten your vision...
Poor vision aside, I’m just glad to hear Dr. Higuchi’s voice again.
Doctor, are... you going too...?
Yeah. I went and got myself fired. I had a bit of an argument with the warden about you, and, well... she really doesn’t want to let you out, no matter what.
S-Sounds like... finding another p-prison... really hard...
Yeah, well... yeah.
Y-You said t-things weren’t... going so... well...
Yeah.
But... I know you’ll be fine...
......
If you open a... c-clinic or something, they’ll... they’ll love you...
I don’t know if I’m talking clearly or competently.
But I’m happy. I’m really happy.
Dr. Higuchi is here.
Shuichiro. To save your friends, you threw away every possibility of saving yourself.
All because you saw that as the most logical way.
She’s saying something, her voice neutral in emotion.
You’re right. If you get the other three out of this prison, the game will probably get done.
But it’s missing the key ingredient, Shuichiro: you. No one’s going to look at you if you’re not there.
Because I love her, I want to give her a straight answer.
You wanted to make it to prove your existence, to prove you’re here, but if you’re... if you’re not...
About what I hadn’t understood myself until now.
I’m... I’m fine with that...
I remember the emotions I felt when making our game even now.
That feeling of my heart ablaze, with passion bubbling up from inside of me.
I... I was...
I finally understand.
I was... free...
Sharing your feelings with someone.
Giving those feelings shape outside of yourself.
Proving that I am here.
How wonderful it is.
Oh.
How wonderfully free it is.
If the game is... made...
My... existence... will... remain...
It’s something only the truly free, the truly unbound, can do.
Express that they were, indeed, here.
And leave that in something that will outlast them.
As long as... that work is out there...
For all time, I’ll... I’ll be free...
I’ll keep on being free, even long after I’m dead.
That makes me happiest.
I don’t need praise. I don’t need anything.
Why...?
Why are you... so attached...?
I can’t help but chuckle at her question.
Come on, Doctor.
Have you forgotten?
You wanted me to... find something new...
Aren’t you the one who told me to?
Something new to... lose myself in...
......!
I did... and thought you’d...
...praise... m-me...
Dr. Higuchi is the most trustworthy adult I’ve met in my life.
You... actually...
That’s why I managed to survive in Tulip Prison.
That’s why I found what I loved doing.
You took what I said to... This whole...?
That’s why I wanted her to praise me the most.
That’s why I followed what she told me.
I thought a nice noogie from her would be waiting for me at the end.
Hey... D-Doctor...
I... I did good, didn’t I...?
Snf...
It’s wrong to kill others... s-so... I started with myself...
Ah... ah...
I kept... my promise... and I saved... the others...
Snf... Nnn...
I...
I did good, didn’t I...?
Dr. Higuchi hugs me.
Like she did before, but much tighter.
Doc...tor...
I don’t get it.
Urgh... snff... Gnn...
What’s... What’s the matter?
Why...? Why...?
I thought you’d... be happy...
Why...? Why couldn’t I...?
Why couldn’t I stop you...?
I just wanted her to praise me.
Why couldn’t I give you the scolding you needed?
Why couldn’t I tell you you were wrong even if I had to smack it into you?
Why couldn’t I tell you you had something more important?
That what you had to treat as most important of all... was yourself?
Why couldn’t I have said something so simple? So obvious?
I thought she would be happy with how well I’d done.
You were just a kid... Just pure, just genuine...
One able to actually show your love for another person...
You were someone able to truly love people, and yet...
Yet, why...? Why did I let you go down such a wrong path...?
I was the adult... It was my job to steer you away, and yet...
I was afraid to lose my job, afraid someone would hate me... I wanted to be understanding.
Why did I do everything wrong...
...for things that don’t even matter?
But she didn’t praise me. She isn’t happy.
I’m sorry... I’m just so sorry...
Instead, she apologizes. Again and again.
I’m so sorry, Shuichiro...!
Warm tears wet my cheeks.
......
She was the last person I wanted to make sad.
And yet, I made her cry.
But there’s... no turning back time.
I can just barely make out her outline in my blurry vision.
There’s... no resisting the irreversible...
So all I can do is say...
Last quiz. Where’s the candy?
Her face drenched in tears, she wears a smile.
She holds two small fists in front of her.
I... always knew...
There’s candy in... both of them...
Hm? You... You got it. You win.
She was such a good person to the very end.
How much time has passed since then?
My body weakens. I start hallucinating.
Things that don’t exist start to float in the air.
Rocks. Bottles. A rice cooker. There’s no rhyme or reason to it.
......
I know well that I’m going to lose my mind.
And I’m fine with that.
I achieved everything I had set out to.
I can’t complain if this is how it ends.
Ah... uh...
There is... one thing.
One thing stuck in my mind.
Why was Dr. Higuchi crying?
I don’t really understand.
And I don’t want to lose my mind until I do.
Not if I can help it.
......
So I pick up my notebook and pencil.
To clarify my mind and to take another good, hard look at myself...
...I put in writing everything that’s happened to me since being incarcerated.
Dear... Hina...ko...
Outside of the very first entry, the duct route map, and the code book, I haven’t written in my journal once.
So I write in the form of a letter to my sister.
My first days in the prison. Sofurin’s reign of terror. Sister Julia’s brainwashing campaign.
I think back and fill the pages, describing the scenes and how I felt about them in detail.
I bring the notebook as close to my face as I can with my blurry vision and keep writing.
I continue in a focused trance, taking no time to sleep.
A week has passed since I began writing.
My journal has caught up to the present day.
......
Since I’d been writing in vivid detail, the hundreds of pages in my rehabilitation journal are mostly full.
Putting it all in writing like this shows me just how much of an exciting time I’ve had in here.
But what strikes me is what most of it was.
It wasn’t battle planning or big incidents.
Ha... haha...
Most of the writing in my journal is about the good times. The fun times.
I remember Isumi t-trembling like a scared cat and trying to... to hiss at me...
The days I spent with Isumi, Noah, and Taeka.
Noah was always by herself... It took so long until she would talk to me...
How we started out as a team with no interest in each other.
Taeka was always so cool... I remember her sulking a bit when Noah took over taking care of Isumi...
How we started to learn about each other bit by bit.
I remember being in the computer room... Taeka’d always get... so mad and kick the desk... It’d always hit me, and Isumi’d always laugh... Then Noah’d come in with a joke...
How we exchanged a lot of words in the process of game dev.
We were always... always together...
How we’d all laugh together over the dumbest things.
And it was just so... so fun...
And how when I realized it, I’d built deep connections with people I never could on the outside.
I realize just how precious those days were.
Wonder... how they’re... d-doing...?
Making games was so fun for me.
Wonder if they’re... g-getting along...?
It was so much fun because I was with them.
I... want to see...
It’s a little late, but now I realize it.
When I finish writing, my body starts to degrade again.
I pushed myself too hard. I don’t even have the energy to hold a pencil anymore.
How much time is there left until the execution?
Death is slowly creeping up on me.
I may be looking at my arm, moving my eyes, and breathing, but in that moment, I will be nothing.
Shuichiro Minato will be no more.
I will be hung at the gallows I saw, far out from the prison, and I will lose the miracle of consciousness.
I hold my journal, now my treasure, and tremble uncontrollably.
I’m... I’m scared...
Up until now, death was something far away. Something that happened to other people.
I’m... I’m so scared, A-Amatsu...
Feeling death viscerally for the first time, I get scared enough for my stomach to tie itself into a knot.
I feel what I’ve won through these fights... and what I’ve lost.
Say... Say something... Come on...
I remember what Dr. Higuchi said.
That there are battles in this world you mustn’t fight.
That when you find one, you have to run.
I finally understand what she meant.
But if I did that, I would have lost both the game and my team.
That’s... not, all, Doctor...
So I feel like just running isn’t enough.
If you keep running, you’ll eventually lose everything.
You need to at least arm yourself. Arm yourself, so you’ll never lose.
Theory, violence, it doesn’t matter—it just needs to stop them from attacking you.
You shouldn’t simply run away, but elect not to fight.
You need the power to not be robbed.
......
I pull out what Dr. Higuchi had in her hand.
It wasn’t candy.
What she’d handed me was a small scrap of paper, well-folded.
My vision is mostly gone, and I can’t read it clearly.
But I see an arrow mark on it.
On the side of the paper is written: “Re:member us Promise.”
I can’t understand what I’m seeing.
The day is blisteringly cold.
Chilled to my core, I hack out white breath.
My neck, waist, and knees all hurt.
I surmise it’s because of how much the air pressure has changed.
Your execution will be carried out tomorrow afternoon.
The voice is as cold as the air.
Drink this soup. It’ll clean out your stomach and get out any waste ahead of time. Being hanged makes the bowels loosen.
It looks like fear isn’t the only reason I’m shaking.
I hear there’ll be a storm tomorrow. Do try to stay healthy until then.
I keep my eyes closed.
The thought of being finally freed from this place and the fear of being erased from the world.
All mix together, completely paralyzing me.
My consciousness grows confused. Fuzzy. I can’t tell if I’m waking or asleep.
Then, I dream.
I dream of laughing with my friends, watching fireworks go up.
A beautiful dream. A beautiful illusion.
I stop trembling.
......
Sakamogi.
Here, ma’am.
(END)
