Number 0720.
It’s time. Get up.
Two SST members appear and escort me out of my cell. It’s been months.
The air outside is clean and feels wonderfully fresh.
Morning dew is still in the air, and the leaves are a bit wet.
Since the storm isn’t here yet, the prison is only as cloudy as it normally is.
......
That lets me notice that my vision is slightly better.
Yesterday’s soup might have had some sort of nutritional supplement in it.
There’s no one to be seen anywhere.
My eyes shift to the prison calendar on the wall.
It looks like today’s a special day off for everyone except the coal miners.
Looks like she’s done her best to make sure no one pulls any funny business today.
But even in the face of such drastic precautions, she still has to keep the golden goose laying its eggs.
A needless worry.
There’s no one left to help me, but that caution... That’s the Mizushiro I know.
It’s this way. Quit dragging your feet.
I’m not moving, so the two security guards drag me instead.
The first place they take me is the cafeteria.
There’s no one here. The kitchen is silent.
Here’s the special meal you asked for. It’ll be your last. Savor it.
I haven’t requested anything in particular, so they’ve probably thrown something together.
Out comes a bowl of thick tuna slices over rice with grated yams.
The wasabi really brings out the flavor of the fish. It doesn’t 
The next place we go is the phone center.
You’re allowed to call the last person you want to make contact with. You have fifteen minutes. Begin.
I answer that there isn’t anyone I want to talk to, but it looks like rules are rules.
I try to pick up the receiver.
I want to hear my sister’s voice before it’s all over.
Five minutes left!
I lower my hand.
I don’t want to hear her crying and panicking.
......
I just stand in front of the receiver for the whole fifteen minutes.
The security team then takes me up the stairs and into the chapel.
Welcome, my child. Here, we will talk. Talk so that you may go to heaven with a heart at peace.
Inside is not Sister Julia, but a chaplain who looks about fifty.
He looks at me with eyes of pure pity.
You have committed a serious crime, one that hurt others.
All I did was take off my clothes.
He puts his hand on my shoulder as if to say I needn’t say anymore.
However, the lord has seen the depths of your remorse. He has seen your desperate attempts at rehabilitation.
Go, then, to the seat of the lord with a calm heart and a clean conscience. And worry not, for we shall meet again.
Would you like some sweets? They quiet the mind.
Chocolate, rice crackers, and tea are on the table.
I do not reach for any.
Very well.
He places a long, thin strip of paper and a freshly sharpened pencil in front of me.
If there is anything you would like to leave behind in writing.
I’m given the chance to write a will.
I take it. I write a message to my sister.
I barely have the strength to hold the pencil, and my handwriting is horrendous.
Forgive me for passing before you.
Please forget about me.
I am not a brother worth remembering.
I loved you, Hinako.
Please take care of your health.
Take care of Chima and Lou for me.
Of all the prisoners I have seen, you have been the most at ease. You seem to have neither regret nor worry. That tells me you have truly reflected on your actions and grappled with your remorse.
There is nothing to worry about. You will be fine. Everything... will be fine.
This chaplain is more of a fake than Julia.
Amen.
No regret? No worry? Does he have eyes in his head?
I am blindfolded and taken to my final destination.
I’m sure they have me going right through the prison.
Through the fragrant forest and to the top of the mountain.
The site of my execution is there.
I climb the stairs, enter the building, and find myself in the waiting room.
The building is two stories tall and structured so that the hung inmate will fall below.
I sit down in the chair, cuffed and blindfolded.
When I start to lean and fall, the soldiers grab my arms and pull them up.
How would you like your belongings held by the prison to be dealt with?
All to your guarantor... but not your journal? Very well, they’ll be sent to her.
Now, then. Calm yourself in your final moments.
The security troops disappear, leaving me alone.
In a few minutes, the noose will be around my neck, and I will be gone from this world.
I hold down my twitching right arm and wonder what my last thought will be.
......
What comes to mind, of course, is the members of Team 69.
I wasn’t with them for long, but their faces come to mind.
I made a game.
I thought it was a true form of self-expression, one to replace exhibitionism for me.
As long as I could get that expression out, I thought, I could die happy.
I was wrong.
I’m certain you must have been surprised at how sudden the announcement was.
But I’m afraid this is simply how hangings are conducted. I told you this once before, did I not?
I wanted to make a game, yeah.
But that wasn’t what was important. It isn’t like I’d be happy just making any old game.
I wanted to make it because I was with those three.
......
......
We shall now... conduct the execution.
For the longest time.
I thought that no one could understand me.
That my feelings had been and always would be misunderstood.
That I would live alone for the rest of my life.
If you cannot calm yourself, then pray to God. Focus on his name. Think not of what you will leave behind and venture forth with no regrets...
But they understood what I wanted to make.
They gave me what I needed for it too, like magic.
Through making our game, they came to grasp how I thought.
They understood me.
In that moment.
I was no longer alone.
The day that I was acknowledged by someone...
...is the day I was truly born.
It’s time for your blindfold. Got a good look at the room? Good.
We’re tying the rope around your neck next. Tight, so you won’t suffer. Get his legs tied too!
Really, I didn’t need to do something as grand as making a game.
Really, I didn’t need to do something as cool as leaving my mark on the world.
Really, I just wanted friends who understood me.
Really, I was just sad about being all alone in the world.
Try to grit your teeth. That’ll make your passing on the painless side.
My friends soothed my loneliness.
And I know that if it’s for them...
...I can do just about anything.
Thanks for telling me you wanted me to write the story b-back then!
That’s all it took? I’ll tell you that as much as you want.
Thanks for telling me you needed me!
If that’s what you want.
Thanks for letting me know that... that I’m here!
Because that’s what I was born to do.
Do you have any last words?
I want to be with my friends.
I realize I’m crying.
I want to see them again.
All of them.
I want us to have our peaceful lives back.
I want to... go back to them.
I just want us all to go on living together.
That’s my only wish.
I see.
My heart’s true desire.
With no artifice or falsehood.
I’m glad I learned the truth before I died.
I have no more regrets.
Silence engulfs the room.
Do it.
She gives the order.
Button one, ready!
Button two, ready!
Button three, ready!
The guards and security troops get to their designated positions.
Commence!
The call goes out.
All three buttons are pushed at the same time.
The floor gives out beneath my feet.
My body is in midair.
I fall.
......!
Then, I die.
(END)
You got any idea...
...how long I’ve been waitin’ to hear those words?!
Where did you...? SST, sei—
Kff, hhk... what the?!
......
Gh... After them! Now!
C’mon, princess, we’re blowing this joint!
How long you planning on wearing that rope like it’s a fashion statement? You’re like a walkin’ corpse, man!
I go through the forest in Ozawa’s arms.
Kff, hhkkk!
Haha, well, keep hangin’ on tight, man! Those dumbasses’ll catch up if I gotta pick you up again!
I can’t process what is going on.
I was hanging from the gallows a while ago, right?
What is... going on?
What do you think is going on, man?
We couldn’t let ’em kill you! That’s all!
......!
Holy shit, that almost hit me!
Take aim! Don’t be conservative—full auto!
Now you’re running on your own! I’m gonna get through the forest and dive into the water—you get back to the prison!
My vision is still blurry, and my eyes haven’t fully recovered yet.
My body’s felt... really off for weeks...!
My arms and legs are thin like twigs and won’t move as I want them to.
I can’t move right!
Do you want to live or do you want to die, man?!
I wanna live!
Then grit your fucking teeth! If you wanna get to the others...
...then don’t stop for a second! Keep running, and don’t you die, no matter what!
......!
This is my way of makin’ up for betraying you! I love you, man!
They split up... A Team, go after the left man. B Team, you’re with me—we go after the right man. Move out!
Yes, ma’am!
Get the small boats out and patrol the water surrounding the island. Give them orders to capture anyone who has dived into the sea!
They can’t escape this island, no one can! If we chase them into the prison, they’ll be trapped like r—
M...! Warden Mizushiro!
What is it? Have you caught the rats already?
No, ma’am, there’s a...!
There’s a riot going on in the prison!
Just like I promised Ozawa, I run.
Ghhk...
Hitting trees on occasion from my blurry vision.
Haa... haa...
Running slowly and staggering with my degraded muscles.
Even so, I get through the forest and make it to the prison proper.
Haa... Hn...?
The prison is in chaos.
In every area I can see, the inmates have gathered into bands, forming a unified horde.
What the hell are you doing here? Did you not hear the orders to stay in your cells?!
Oh, we heard, all right...!
In the cafeteria.
B-But we’re here of our own free will!
In the rehabilitation center.
A-And how about you not barge into our turf?
Yeah! Who do you think you are, just showing up and acting like you own the place?!
In the workstations.
This is our home!
In the inspection room.
......
Everywhere I look, the prisoners are united.
It’s like they’re putting on a culture festival all on their own.
What are the prisoners doing here?! Why are there so many, and why do they seem so organized?!
Oh? Didn’t you know?
One prisoner steps to the front and makes a bold announcement.
Newbies get bullied to
It’s Rin. Rin Hanamaru.
I don’t care how strapped up you are. There’s no way you’re gettin’ through a horde of human shields this big!
All right, sacrificial lambs, charge! All that rage you’ve been building up over the past months, time to let it all out!
The inmates immediately begin to move.
A wall of flesh and humanity blocks the SSU’s advance.
Get the hell out of my way! Number 0720 is on death row and needs to be restrained!
If you help him escape, that’s aiding and abetting a criminal—your scores will shoot up!
W-We’re not moving, not until you get out of here!
You’re just extending your sentences, you fools!
We... W-We don’t care!
The prisoners make a circle around me.
Like they’re shielding me from the soldiers.
Don’t get ahead of yourselves, you freaks! We’re armed!
Agghhh! My balls!
The inmate at the head is knocked over with a bare rod.
We’ll bring ’em down with tear gas! Weapons ready! Fire!
Kff, gahk, gwehhh!
The tear gas goes out, and people start dropping one after another.
Ghk... Don’t fall back, people! Defend our home!
Still, they keep coming up around me, shielding me with their bodies.
Tch, where’d that exhibitionist disappear to?!
He’s wearing clothes now! Hey, you, out my way!
They push the SSU away.
Ow! Owww! Keep your filthy rods off of me! Do you have any idea how many millions I’ve got on the outside?!
This opens up...
......
...a narrow path forward.
Hanamaru, you...?
You say something? Sorry, don’t give a shit! Get your ass moving. The path isn’t gonna stay open!
I try to run, but I fall where I stand.
My legs are twitching like they aren’t my own.
In the next moment, my body is up again.
I’ll carry you! Ain’t no one faster than me!
Yeesh. This is the second time in my life I’ve done something that’s just altruistic!
You’re the one leading this clown show? You really think you’ll just be getting off with solitary?!
I was thinking more along the lines of a medal of honor and a five-star hotel stay.
You little bitch!
Whoop, over here! Hii-yah!
Guh! Kff?!
People tend to think of me as more brains than brawns, and I can’t blame ’em, but... I’m former FS, you know?
Really, I gotta wonder. When’d people start thinking I had noodle arms? That I couldn’t kick ass?
I keep going forward, avoiding the wavelike crowd.
I remembered Isumi describing large crowds stuffed into single spots as being “packed like sardines.”
The prison is like one big can of seafood right now.
I’ll be taking you from here!
The sardines pass me along.
Onwards to glory, Sir Exhibitiman! You needn’t worry—when it comes to making a grand retreat, I’ll get you out of there as quick as any monkey!
One after another.
There’s too many people (sweating yellow person emoji) How about we go somewhere a bit more empty? (Toothily grinning yellow person emoji)
It’s like I’m swimming a human wave.
I have to bring you forth... that is why... I must bring you forward!
Going forward, forward, ever forward.
Hrah! You think you have rights, you worthless sex criminals?! We won’t hesitate to crush you!
Gah, my balls!
That’s why you’re not getting away, no matter how sneaky you are!
Hn?!
The pursuers finally catch up to me.
Caught you, you streaker! Time for the execution you des—
Pan strike!
The lunchlady knocks the security guard grabbing me with a mighty swing of her frying pan.
Vengeance for our parents!
Your parents? What the hell are you—Gwah?!
We’re proud yakuza soldiers, motherfucker! Being human shields is our job!
The Hatae Trio?!
Heheh. We didn’t have the chance to properly thank you for saving the Chief, you see.
You’re the Chief’s brother, so that makes you basically our dad!
Take care of her when you get out, y’hear?! All right, boys, let’s get our pops through!
Even as the waves crash on me while the Hatae Trio wards off the enemy.
I’ll be straight. This is the only Goethe quote I actually know, but... there’s nothing better for you now, right? Here it is: mehr licht! More light!
I go from prisoner to prisoner.
Flank speed ahead! Ride-dick Duel, Sexxela-lotion!
Their hands bring me further and further forward.
You’re puttin’ on a weally sowwy show, huh?
I keep going. I do not stop.
What the?! When’d he get on my crotch?!
Pussyhair banzai, pussyhair banzai!
A bare rod whizzes by my cheek.
Show ’em what we’re made of, boys! We help out and we might get a piece of the Hatae pie!
The tear gas makes breathing hard.
All right, all right, comin’ through, comin’ through!
I dodge the rain of love juices and droplets of cum.
Shlllrrrrplplpl! Shhllllp!
I advance forward, bit by bit, pushing everything else away.
Don’t try to break the entire wall, just open a hole in it! Pour in from there and these perverts are done for!
The advancing SSU put up their riot shields and begin to muscle their way in from the left.
Ugh... C-Can’t breathe... In surround sound!
We’re almost to the kid! Trample these fools!
Don’t think... you can get away! What? Don’t tell me even you’re going to get in our way?!
Eeep! I-I got nothing to do with this! I-I’m just, you know, the resident champion brown noser! I’m on your side, boss!
Or so you’d thiiiiiiiiink!
Hey?! Get the fuck off of me!
Crappymori...!
I hate kids, so get out of my sight! Now we’re even for you looking after me when I was recovering!
The prison is about four hundred meters long.
I’ve got another two hundred and ninety to go.
What is the meaning of this sorry state of affairs?!
The prisoners had all been locked in their cells. Why, pray tell, are they running wild?!
Ma’am, we’re not sure why, but the wards and all their cells were unlocked!
There’s too many of them! Some of them are armed, and we can’t get through them to our target!
Are those toys you’ve got at your waists?! This is an emergency! If you can’t take advantage of permission to fire in the face of a possible jailbreak, when can you?!
Don’t get too cocky, you sick freaks!
We have too many people to competently regroup when our makeshift formation is broken.
Ghh...
The narrow path crumbles, and a human wave swallows us up.
Urgh! Ah, ghh...!
Panic shoots through our crowd, and our formation begins to disintegrate.
T-They actually started firing! Hey, stop, hold your fire!
Not on your life, you pieces of shit! You’re the scum of the earth—no one’s going to cry if we manslaughter one or two of you!
......!
The people who were there with me through the highs and lows of prison life fall one after another.
All because I’m he—
Don’t worry about that. Just hold onto me.
The pull-ups girl says as she lifts me up like I’m light as a feather.
He told me that... It isn’t over ’til it’s over.
Officers, what are you doing?! Start working with the SST to quell this uprising!
Q-Quell the uprising? How are we supposed to do that?!
Get over here and help us, you morons! They don’t have unlimited bodies in their little wall—if we keep blastin’ ’em to the brink of death...!
Got it, roger!
Urgh?! What the fuck are you...? Ghkk!
First Officer Takanashi?! W-What are you doing?!
We’re the only ones who can go toe-to-toe with their kind of gear!
We became correctional officers to uphold the law! To get rid of even one of the disgusting men who would grab my chest on the train every day back then!
But she was right... Warden Mizushiro has clearly turned the prison into her private kingdom!
Which is why we have to protect order with our own hands!
The confusion pulsing through the prisoners immediately calms down.
Everyone from the Obscenity Ward, follow my orders! I want groups of four, forming ranks! Okay?!
Since the guards are used to giving orders and we’re used to following them, our teamplay is perfect.
God, what a pain... All right, hide behind us guards and form a wall! Safety first!
I hear the sound of rifle fire and bullets bouncing off shields all around me.
With a chain of command established and stronger organization in full force, the broken path immediately forms up again.
But there’s no path we can’t carve out! All right! THE END! X Spiral Slash!
A... A mutiny?! What did you think you signed up for this job for?!
Two hundred and seventy meters left.
Gh...
I bump into someone that the wave of people pushes my way.
I look up. Officer Yamagishi is standing there.
N-Number 0720...
She’s pale with a look of pure confusion on her face.
There’s nowhere to run.
......
Himeru! Captain Yamagishi, detain that boy this instant!
I... I-I...
Right now!
Urgh... Nnn...
Just go!
She pushes my back.
Then, she faces the SSU as if covering for me.
......?!
I start moving through the human rapids again.
Two hundred and ten meters to the goal.
Have you forgotten how I gave you this post when you were too stupid to get any other work?!
I... don’t know what you’re talking about.
Your whole branch of the family is worthless...!
I-I said I don’t know what you’re talking about!
You Yamagishis do nothing but disappoint! Call headquarters and bring in as many reinforcements as you can before the storm is upon us!
The prisoners and correctional officers, now working in sync, boast an overwhelming advantage through our numbers.
Excuse me! Permission to crotch-rub!
Have at it. Take aim and give them a special Chapter 69!
Tch, little bitch can’t fight in close quarters... Don’t play with guns, kid, you might hurt yourself!
However, we’re up against the special security unit, a group of people trained in the art of killing.
We’re a team of hardened fighters, runt. You couldn’t beat us with a gatling gun!
Ah, ahhhh!
The guards of the Treatment Division have some athletic ability, but their difference in fighting skill is stark.
Ahaha! Are you what passes for guards in this joint? Don’t you have anyone stronger? Dunno what we were worried about. We’ll catch that kid in the blink of an eye!
That difference in power gradually starts to cut away at our forces.
The wall starts getting tighter again.
Armed inmates starting an uprising, guard staff attempting mutiny... This prison is clearly out of order.
The ward keys were managed together, and the only person who could unlock them all at once would be the captain with key privileges... or one who
...this chaos was all your doing, Officer Yugao!
......
Guh, ah...
The wall of flesh crushes into my lungs, and it gets harder to breathe.
Finally caught you, S-class...!
And I’ve got some good news for you, kid—I don’t have to take you alive. There’s a bounty for you dead, and I’m taking that easy way out!
Ah... Gh...
I can’t breathe.
Easiest job I’ve ever done! Say goodnight, Baldy!
The blade comes down.
(END)
SSU, detain Yugao this instant! She has committed a grave breach of protocol!
Yes, ma’am!
You forfeited your life when you betrayed the boss, pal!
Huh?!
I thought you were standing still.
That’s an old SST mask! What are you doing here? I thought I fired you!
I’ve been here the whole time, but... I took the liberty of inviting the others.
However much it hurts,
I thought I taught you that, Minato.
Commander... Ohtabe...
Hnh!
She knocks the SSU member away with ease.
In the corridor past the inspection room are plenty of SST members in their unique masks joining the battle.
If you don’t come at me with all you’ve got, you’re as good as dead! I’m pissed about losing my job already, so come at me!
Everyone in the prison is fighting for me.
Go on throuuuuugh!
All to open a path for me.
Fighting these jokers is like takin’ life support from a baby!
Overcoming the boundaries of rules and positions, they fight together.
But why?
They don’t have any obligation to.
Why are you all...?
This is because of what you’ve done for the prison.
Commander Ohtabe speaks up.
Everything you’ve built up and planted is now bearing fruit.
You’re the one who gathered everyone here.
......
You don’t need to turn back anymore. Just leave this all to me.
Go on ahead alone, Minato.
There’s a place that’s waiting for you, isn’t there?
Thank you so much. Captain Yugao too.
I’ll let her know. This is goodbye, Minato.
I start to move through the human currents with my own legs.
Hmph.
You plotted all of this, didn’t you?!
What is the meaning of this? You were never in Number 0720’s clique to begin with! You cut off all contact with the former security team!
If that’s what you thought, then my plan was a rousing success. Tricking your enemies really does start with tricking your allies.
You would sow so much chaos for a single child? Have you lost your mind?!
Was that a joke? I haven’t the faintest intention of helping that boy.
But I am Hazuki Yugao.
If anyone tears me down for whatever reason, I’ll see to it that they suffer twice as much. Even if it costs me everything.
You’ve lost your mind...!
This is my vengeance. The taste is wonderful, isn’t it, Himeko Mizushiro?
With the SST’s valiant effort keeping the enemy at bay, I draw closer and closer to my goal.
It is as though I am pulling the narrow path towards me like string.
Charlie, rendezvous with Echo in front of the library. All units out of riot ammo resupply at Whiskey. Wounded inmates use the rehabilitation center.
Haa...!
Ugh, tear gas! That shit stinks!
I’m past the two-hundred-meter mark.
Tear gas?! You think this stinks? Try whiffing a woman after I’ve worked her pits and you’ll see somethin’ that REALLY reeks!
Gh... Haa...!
If you responsible working adults think you take on a real Adult Baby, you goo goo gaa gaht annadah thing comin’!
A hundred and eighty.
......!
Then, I hit a hundred and fifty.
Guh?! I’ve never seen moves like that! Where the hell did she pick up that kind of...?
You sure took your time. The plan quite nearly went up in smoke.
I am a shinobi. More of a sneaker than a fighter, though.
Sorry, Ms. Hazuki. The rough currents made making landfall take longer than expected.
Heh. Nothing tougher than training a foolish dog.
It took time to gather up the other former SST members... and I only realized what you had planned right before it was time too.
Is that so.
I... really am always so slow. All I can do is follow orders.
Oh? It seems to me you did something on your own. Something I didn’t order.
Huh...?
You trained the boy. That made this whole plan possible.
Not a bad job... for you. I’ll pay you that compliment.
......!
I haven’t fixed my cane yet. Can you help me walk again?
Understood, ma’am. I’ll be by your side. Always.
They still haven’t caught him? I had heard Sakimori’s soldiers were impressive, but this is such a pathetic display!
And what, I must ask, is he thinking? What is Yugao thinking?
Escaping from this prison is an impossible task. The boy will be a cornered rat no matter how much he runs.
Which means, then, that the course they would take would be...
The following is a special announcement to all inmates, correctional officers, and SST members!
An oddly chipper announcement rings throughout the prison.
Enemy reinforcements have arrived at Dolphin Pier. They number from seventy to a hundred, all armed with riot gear and shields. Please be careful.
I look far into the distance to see a group of heavily armed and armored soldiers coming our way.
......!
Army or none, I don’t care anymore.
Commander Ohtabe was right. There’s no need to turn back.
Haaa...!
I just keep my eyes forward and keep moving.
A hundred and ten meters until my destination.
Hnh!
Urgh, ghhk... What the...?!
Phew... There’s a lot of them... Mashiro, how are things on your end?
Natsumi! I’ve taken out the first wave, but the new ones are really well-protected! Fushimigawa’s down. We need backup!
Got it. I’m on my w—
Those smooth combos, that mix of
I take it you’re the leader?
Indeed. I’m the captain of this mercenary unit... though the world has been a bit too peaceful of late.
This does bring me back. There was a grand battle on a certain island a good ten years ago, and I fought a group that used a style based on the one you use.
I know. I was there. I went down pretty quickly, so you probably don’t remember me.
Oh? You’re one of Seiran Island’s warriors, then? Sounds like it’s a rematch for both of us. I won’t hold back.
Gh... Urgh...!
I’ve got a hundred meters to go.
Close, but the enemy reinforcements have completely cut my path off.
I push the crowd away, maneuvering around the SSU as I make plodding progress.
Haa... Haa...
My breathing grows ragged, and everything starts to sound distant.
What’re you dicking around for?! Get going!
Ghh, how much time is that crappy kid going to take?!
My vision narrows, shutting everything else out.
All of my consciousness is focused forward.
Haa... Urgghhh...!
But the last sixty meters feels crushingly distant.
Minatoooooo!
Something barrels towards me from behind with shocking force.
You’re okay?! Good. Sorry, it took time to get in here—wouldn’t have been possible if I couldn’t blend in with the confusion!
Sofu...rin...?
That’s right, I’m here to help! Hold on tight!
She’s coming from the front? You stupid foreigner, can’t you see this phalanx?!
Outta the way, dumbasses!
The arms shooting out from her tall frame blow the shield-bearing soldiers away with ease.
......
I had no idea Sofurin was this strong.
Fifty meters. Forty.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
She blasts down the hall, knocking the soldiers over like a tank on a warpath.
Go, Minato!
Thirty meters.
Get in theeeeeeeeeeere!
Ten meters.
Be done with it, boy!
Then.
......!
I reach the end of the human pathway.
And end up at the entrance to the coal mine.
Go on ahead! I’ll slow them down from here!
And don’t you die on me, you hear?! I’m ordering you to survive, Minato!
You got it!
Once again, I leap into the darkness of the tunnels below.
Rahhhhhh!
Barehanded? No weapon? Come on, that might give you the edge you need!
Sorry, but smashing’s all I know!
Coming at me with
Gh, haah...!
You never had any talent for martial arts, did you? You just practiced techniques that took advantage of that big frame of yours.
......!
A damn shame, though, because a talent for battle is given from on high. You either have it or you don’t!
......
Show me, then: the skill your ten paltry years of practice have given you!
Hahaha, ahahaha!
Haha?!
They just let a guy who monologues in a fight on the team? This ‘SSU’ thing isn’t long for this world.
Captain Shikolenko...! Is he...?
He’s where he needs to be. Leave the rest to us—we just need to shield the elevator and make sure they don’t get underground.
I see... I’ll join you in that, then.
Never thought I’d have to fight beside one of the Calabash Bitch’s lackeys, but beggars can’t be choosers.
The captain’s down! You bastards, that was underhanded!
We’re bringing out the big guns for these two. Surround them! Sink them with numbers!
You might want to drop the nightstick and draw your shotgun.
Don’t get it twisted. My baton’s stronger than any bullet.
Bring it on! Crossbows, rifles, machine guns—I don’t care what you come with. I’m taking you down!
(END)
I get off the elevator and start running again.
I leap into the tram and keep going forward.
Guhhh?!
The tram comes to a sudden stop, launching me out of it.
I turn around to see dozens of SSU soldiers, ones that have gotten through the formation above, coming after me.
There’s our target! Commander’s orders, get him dead or alive! Fire!
I get up and run, thinking of nothing else.
Haa, ha, ha...!
The SSU doesn’t know these tunnels.
Secure lighting! Let’s get all these tunnels lit up!
However, they have an overwhelming numerical advantage.
Check all the forks in the road! Find him wherever he’s hiding!
The prison’s coal mine tunnel is roughly a thousand and eight hundred meters at maximum.
The elevator let me off at the eight-hundred-meter mark.
The path splits out from there into a complex mass, boasting a distance of multiple kilometers diagonally.
The upward slope puts strain on my ragged legs.
Haa, haa, haa...!
I would have probably given up if everyone hadn’t come through for me.
But they protected me.
They told me I had to live, meaning I have to keep running.
Target sighted! Turn him into Swiss cheese!
The soldiers that are up ahead on the conveyor belt open fire on me.
I scramble to turn around and escape in the other direction.
Urgh...!
Three rubber bullets bury themselves into my leg.
Come on! Come back, hurry!
In these caverns, there are no other prisoners or guards to guide me, and no SST to shield me, either.
Finally cornered you, you little rat! Now there’s no escape!
What are you doing, Shuichiro?! Hurry up!
I try to wake my frozen leg up, but it won’t move.
No one’s going to be a nice shield for you down here, kid! Ahahaha!
Sorry, little miss, but that’s where you’re wrong.
What the—guh?!
A rock bursts before my eyes.
I know that sound too well: the music of a pick crushing stone.
Get on your feet, Minato! You got balls, don’tcha?!
Mr... Bear?
Standing behind me is my old mining foreman, Owlbear.
Orah!
He swings his pick back and forth, drawing the soldiers’ attention.
All right, motherfuckers, get outta the way if you don’t wanna be roadheader mincemeat!
Where the hell’d that drill thing come fro—?!
The other coal miners attack the soldiers.
Gwah?! I’ll exchange this pain... for courage!
Though some fall to the onslaught of bullets, they keep fighting.
Don’t tell me. Is this too...?
Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten, Minato! Down here in the coal mines, status and position don’t mean a thing—we’re all brothers in coal, and we all help each other!
Mr. Bear bellows as he hides me behind his back.
Besides. You’ve saved our lives before.
I think back to what Commander Ohtabe said.
That this is all from what I’ve done for the prison.
Now it’s our turn to return the favor!
Everything I’ve done in the prison has been building up to this day.
Make sure you survive, Minato! That’s a promise from one coal miner working the edge to another!
......!
There aren’t many coal miners in the tunnels.
Don’t think for a second you’re getting away with this, you freaks!
There are too many forks and branches, meaning their reach is limited.
Eaaaahh!
What they have up their sleeve, however, is the most powerful weapon of all: knowledge.
T-The lights went out?!
What’s going on?! F Team, I thought you’d secured the breaker?!
Changing a losing battle... into a winning one!
Aaaaaaaaahhhhghhhh?!
Why are even the coal miners resisting? There aren’t any guards with radios down there—how did they find out about the riot so quickly?!
Lieutenant, we’ve located the death-row pervert! He’s currently thirteen hundred meters underground!
Send in Charlie and Delta immediately—I’m going in too! We have the trams and the conveyor belts, hurry!
As the lights go on and off in the tunnels, I navigate them on memory alone.
Since I don’t have anywhere to go, I just keep running down.
Hold it right there, you fucking freak!
The security unit is gaining on me.
There’s a dozen of them, and they’re fast.
I bet you’re feeling tired... and you’re out of lackeys too! Give it up!
I feel a hand on my back.
However.
Tch! Who the hell a—
Ah, aahhh...
What the... What the hell is wrong with this guy?!
But a man with dead eyes blocks it.
They plod towards us from up ahead. One, two, three... More and more shamble forward.
Don’t panic, they’re just some kind of junkies! Just shoot them!
They fire out riot rounds strong enough to knock out a grown man if they hit him in the head.
Yet even after taking a round right in the chin, not one of the dead-eyed men budges.
Gaahh...! Ahhhh!
You gotta be kidding me! They’re like goddamn zombies!
People with broken minds are so easy to use...
Footsteps approach slowly from up ahead.
Like stupid, brainwashed little zombies...
Those steps are calm and self-assured, as if the walker is under the impression that the world is hers.
Ahaha! It’s me! Hi there, Special Security Strangers!
It’s Julia. Sister Julia.
J-Julia Agatsuma?! But you’re supposed to be in an underground cage!
A wonderful friend opened said cage for me, you see. God truly is with me!
That friend asked me for one thing and one thing only: to make sure you don’t get past this spot.
But the prisoners underground are all mindbroken! How are you controlling them?!
Have you forgotten? Or perhaps you never knew to begin with. For a long, long time, I’ve spiked the prison bath with my digital drug.
People with long sentences, well... even if they’re locked away in the darkest, dankest pits of the underground, why, brainwashing them fully is as easy as it gets.
Now, then, my flock! These women are accursed popotamimi! Show them your olapif and aid in their rayvol!
At Julia’s orders, the zombies immediately charge.
They plow forward like beasts, showing no fear of the soldiers’ rifles.
......
Now then, Shuichiro, dear. After you. This, too, is the will of the lord.
......
I start running again.
Glad to have her at my back—my enemy, whom I once cast down into the dark.
Come now, everyone, let’s see more smiles! More, more, give us more! Fill the mine with grins of joy!
W-Why? Why are you getting in our way?! Don’t you know this will only make things worse for you in court?!
Well, he’s going to become our savior! Our messiah! I can’t have him dying in this musty little tunnel, now, can I?
You’ve fucking lost it!
I get that a lot! Ahaha, ahahaha!
With the brutal battle behind me, I keep on running.
I’ve gotten to a good fifteen hundred meters underground.
And I keep going.
Dolphin Team and Boar Team, keep swinging those picks! Slow ’em down!
Simply breathing makes pain shoot through my body.
Let’s take ’em down! Don’t let them kill our brother!
My lungs feel like they’re going to burst.
Protect our coal brother!
Even so, I keep my exhausted body moving.
Ahahaha! Oh, what fun, what fun! Oh, I could just vomit with joy!
I run, run, run.
......!
I’m going to survive, no matter what.
I’m going to survive and see the others, I sw—
That’s far enough!
I come to a full stop.
Stepping out from up ahead is the warden. Mizushiro.
It took some time to get here ahead of time, but it seems my prediction was correct.
While I do have to say it is laudable you ran this far while in such tatters...
Haa, haa, haa...
...I’m afraid this is where it all ends.
She holds a gun in her hand, glinting in a dull gray.
With your knowledge of my network, I’m sure you can tell this is no toy.
The barrel is pointed squarely at me.
At this distance, even the worst shot could score a clean hit.
AHHHHHH!
Hnh!
You always were better at acting quickly than thinking quickly.
Haa, haa...
Yet, look at the sorry state you’re in, weak enough to be outmuscled by an old woman—did solitary really ravage you so?
My ass is on the ground, and my legs are twitching.
I can hardly stand myself up.
Your roachlike grip on life has also not a hint of beauty to it.
I’m going to... sur...vive...
Haa, haa... I’m going back to... the others...
I’m afraid that won’t be happening.
I expect you thought you would hide yourself in this vast network of tunnels, escaping under the cloak of secrecy... but I’m afraid that is not an option.
I have boats surveilling every inch of the island’s perimeter. No help can sneak past them, and to brave the waters by swimming would be an act of suicide.
With the coming storm, most helmsmen would not be able to even approach the island.
All of this is to say that your capture was simply a matter of time.
I don’t... give a damn about any of that...
I don’t care what the warden says.
I’m going back to my friends.
So that I can be myself.
Allow me to give you one final chance.
Would you like to join me and wipe crime from this world by stamping out all pornography?
It hurts to even speak.
It takes everything I have to hold back my screams.
So I take off my clothes instead.
That gives my answer more than words ever could.
You’re wrong, Warden Mizushiro.
Then, I speak.
You are still just a child. You won’t always understand what adults say.
That is why you must be educated. Education will liberate you of those twisted thoughts and show you that I am—
No. I see what you’re saying...
No matter what words are exchanged, we’re never going to meet a point of understanding. Of agreement.
Our rails end up at completely different spots. They’ll never intersect.
But you’re just angry... The rage from your daughter getting hurt has stopped you from making rational decisions...
Excuse me?
Which is all the more reason for me to look for what I want to say.
I find the words easily. They bubble up from the depths of my heart.
You said that... if there’s nothing lewd in the world, no one’ll mimic it...
I remember what Dr. Higuchi told me.
When you’re up against someone you can’t beat, you have to run.
But I didn’t copy exhibitionism from anyone or anywhere... No one taught it to me... It was instinct.
We have a word for those who cannot resist their instincts: animals.
But humanity has grown from that desire. It’s that desire that puts the lights on, that makes the trains run.
Like I’ve moved forward, following my desire to create... so has humanity.
While running is important, you need to arm yourself too.
Do you still not understand that I am only trying to restrict harmful desires?
Harmful? What’s harmful?
Sexual desire? Isn’t that the desire that has made humanity thrive through history?
The birth of children, the soaring advancement of information technology—isn’t that all thanks to lust?
Why would you decide something is harmful just because it’s lustful?
You need the strength to protect yourself from unfair violence.
Absolutely ridiculous. Where did you pick up such sophistry?
It’s not ridiculous... it’s the truth.
I notice that I’m breathing easier.
That means it’s time to unleash my everything.
Criminals are made by their environments. I understand that.
But that doesn’t mean... that sexual content makes sex criminals.
I need to have a strong heart.
That kind of thinking is as shallow and surface-level as putting mosaics on genitals.
Your grand plan is every bit as shallow and every bit as meaningless...!
To make sure nothing is taken away from me.
After all I’ve taught you, you still don’t understand?!
All you care about is hiding it away so that you can say you’re ‘doing something,’ like every other dirty adult!
To make sure nothing else is stolen from me.
Then what of my daughter?! My daughter, broken by this rotten society!
It’s not like no one can tell the difference between fantasy and reality!
For the people who can’t! That’s a problem we should solve!
How convenient! You can only talk such nonsense because you’ve never known what it’s like to be judged to have a clean bill of mental health!
Desire is here to stay, which is why we deal with it through fiction if we can! The people who want to take that away are the ones who want to ruin society!
To hold on to my reason to simply exist in this world.
Deal with it through fiction? You couldn’t even do that, you sex criminal!
Yeah, I’m a sex criminal!
A fool who lost to his lust! A garbage human being! A loathsome sinner!
Do you think anyone would listen to such a person?!
So I can’t say I know how you feel—I can’t ever!
But still, I know just how much power fantasy has!
I found joy in creation, and I stopped exposing myself! I feel that’s where the answer lies!
Don’t bring your mere feelings and impulses to a contest of logic and reason!
Let me guess what you want to say!
You just want to stamp out the things you don’t like from this world, don’t you?! The things that make you uncomfortable?!
You want a reason for your pain, something to point to, so you’ve pinned it all on a convenient target!
You want to believe you’re making the world a better place, so you’re just conjuring up an enemy!
......!
That’s just sophistry with a nice-sounding theory piled on top!
And if that’s not an expression of pure, selfish desire, I don’t know what is!
You... little...
So I’m proving it right here, right now!
That as long as they’ve got something to live for, even the lowest of the low can move forward!
By living my life as who I am!
I’m going to take that preconceived notion of yours...
...and fucking inhume it, baby!
You little shit, shut your mouth!
......
It doesn’t hit me.
Gh...
Thanks to a man who takes it for me.
What... are you doing here?
Mr. Kugitani!
Calm down, kid, and be gentle. I’m too old, and this bullet hole’s too deep.
But why?
I wanted to apologize, so I found myself a nice spot down here to wait in. Then she showed up, and before I knew it, I was on the ground with a bullet in me.
What are you... talking about...?
I’d better get back up, ’cause someone has to hold this down... Get going, Exhibitiman.
But I can’t just leave you here! Come with me!
That I can’t do. Running from prison’d be running from my crime, and I don’t want to.
But you... Half your charge was false, wasn’t it? A little atonement and you’ll be right as rain...
......
Now... hurry. Leave this to the geriatrics. Don’t think I’ve got much time left.
He points to the darkness up ahead.
Glad I could say goodbye to you with a smile. It was... eating away at me.
Keep... safe, Mr. Kugitani.
With a goodbye to his smiling face, I run off.
You too. Keep safe, Exhibitiman.
Wait, you!
Awful hard to hit a moving target. He’s left the nest... and I need you to stay here a little longer.
Explain yourself, now! You, my mere puppet, would dare to oppose me?
You know just as well as I do that no one can put a collar on that young man, Himeko. Yugao couldn’t. Agatsuma couldn’t. You couldn’t, either.
You stand to lose just as much as I do if I lose power! Do you not understand you’ll no longer be able to play shop?!
That’s a knock I’ll have to take if that’s what fixing this mistake means. That’s the job of the old.
So, let me ask... How about forgiving him already?
You would ask me, of all people, to forgive a sex criminal?!
Don’t tell me you feel
Oh, no, he’s nothing like I was. He led a far more fruitful prison life than I ever did.
He’s picked up on something a lot more important than compelled remorse, and isn’t that enough? If this really is a place of rehabilitation.
Do you... Do you mean to tell me you’ve already forgotten?!
The conversation we had ten years ago?
When we had both vowed to rid this world of sex criminals, to make it so that no one had to suffer as my daughter had again?!
To make it so that no one had to be exploited as your fiancée had been?!
You failure of a pupil, my first shame!
You, a man who could not even cast away his vile homeland, would think to stop me?!
That’s the whole reason.
Patching up my teacher’s blunder is my last job.
But I’m not going to make you suffer. Not you.
What are you...?!
Come. Fire. All your resentment, all your rage—let it all out so you can breathe again.
I’m not going to make it with this bleeding, anyway. I had my last cigarette. I’ve got no regrets.
You... You fool!
As your disappointing disciple, Himeko... I will be with you to the end.
You fool! You fools! Every last one of you!
(END)
About sixty-two percent of the prison population is incapacitated. Our unit’s suffered twenty-three casualties too. Mashiro is active, but sealing the entrance to the coal mine is the best we can do.
I see.
Captain Yugao, another ship of reinforcements showed up! They’ve got, like, a hundred people on it, but it’ll probably be the last ’cause the storm’s coming!
Sounds like it’s time to wrap up.
Himeru, get the prisoners into their cells before the storm comes. Make sure the wounded are taken to the infirmary. Put the mobile inmates to work helping.
R-Roger!
SST, get the boat out. This is our only chance since the SSU is focusing underground. Move before they cut off our sea route.
Understood. And you, Ms. Hazuki?
I’m... staying here. I am a prison guard after all.
Understood. I... I wish you good luck.
A surprisingly quick retreat, Officer Yugao.
This wasn’t a fight we could win to begin with. I don’t think anyone can complain about all the time I’ve bought.
You’d better get on the SST boat too. Stay here and you’ll be the one behind bars.
Is... Minato going to be able to escape all right?
How should I know?
How should you
I’m just here to get revenge on that hag. I don’t care about anything else.
How could you be so irresponsible?!
This is Tulip Prison, the legendary ninth correctional precinct. The very one they say is inescapable. And let me tell you, they’re not just saying that.
Even I couldn’t do much to its underground depths, and neither could Julia. It’s an untouchable realm.
And I’ll be honest. No matter how hard I think, I can’t come up with a way to escape this prison.
But...!
But I didn’t come up with the escape plan, did I?
How about we sit back and see what those wily girls have cooked up?
I don’t know how much more I ran after that.
Haa, haa...!
I keep dashing down the dark tunnel.
The battle I’ve left behind is far, far away.
I don’t even hear the sounds of it anymore.
Gh... Haa, haa...!
I didn’t see any way outside on the way.
No surprise there. This is a coal mine.
All it has are small conveyor belts to transport raw coal. There are no passages to the outside.
No matter how much I run, all I see are cold rock walls.
I see no means of escape.
Haa, haa, haa...!
Still, I keep on running.
Urgh...
Then, I finally get to it.
The very bottom of the tunnel... eighteen hundred meters.
This is the end of the line of the end of the line.
There’s nowhere else to run.
Haa...!
I find myself unconsciously falling to my knees.
I don’t have the strength to stand up.
Ghh... urgh...
Powerless breaths escape my mouth.
Being locked up in that box underground for months did a lot more damage to my body than I’d thought.
I realize that my arms and legs have grown so thin I barely recognize them as my own.
Gh... Uhn...!
I vomit out stomach acid.
When my bile hits the ground, my arms follow.
I cannot stand.
My body loudly announces that I’m at my limit.
I can’t move any more.
Ur... gh...
So I crawl.
Ghhkk... Nnnn...!
If my legs are shot, I’ll use my arms.
Urrrrrgghhh! Uhhnnn!
If my arms are gone, I’ll use my chin.
Nnnnnnn! Nnnnnn!
I know that freedom’s waiting for me beyond the dark.
So I’m not giving up.
Not until I get back to my friends.
Haa, aah, haa...!
Tch, isn’t any brighter down here... Any luck? Find him?!
There’s so much I have to apologize to them for.
I don’t see him any... Hm? Did you hear that?
I’m so sorry for lying to you like that.
Yeah! He’s over there! He’s crawling and hiding!
I’m sure you were really surprised.
Good job! Let’s all jump him—I don’t care if you kill him!
I’m sure you were really sad.
We’ve got a report from the engineering squad! They’ve got the power back on and are ready to get the lights back!
So, if you can find it in your hearts to forgive me.
Good! Let’s go, lights on, now!
Just one more time, would you...
Would you...
......
On the wall at the dead end, now brightly illuminated...
...is carved a symbol.
The symbol of our team.
The logo of the group we named.
In the direction its petals point...
...is an old minecart.
He sure took us for a ride...
...You figure that’s what the kid thinks we’re saying?
Absolutely ridiculous to think we wouldn’t see through that bullshit. Brainless as all hell.
Even worse, Kane’s so bad at acting he almost noticed she was pretending.
Y-Yeah, I was pretty nervous back there. Almost thought he’d call me out.
If he thought we didn’t see through his plan to let us out and stay behind, he’s got another thing coming.
Y-Yeah. Him stepping up and sacrificing himself is... r-really Shuichiro-like.
Puttin’ it in our game terms... he’s real deep in all our routes, huh?
H-He solved a bunch of our problems and got up to max affection...
And then he went and threw us away like uninstalling an eroge when you’re done with it.
A-And I can’t have that!
Yeah. Don’t think I can let that fly, myself.
Which means it’s our turn next, isn’t it?
Yeah. This time...
W-We’re blasting through Shuichiro’s route ourselves!
The cart is squarely on top of a set of tracks.
......
There’s no puddle of water built up inside, and there are traces of it being moved recently.
Stay right there, you! You’ve got nowhere to run!
My pursuers barrel in from behind.
I grab the cart’s rails on instinct.
It looks like there’s a switch-looking thing sloppily affixed to it.
Okay, say he manages to scurry on into the mine. How’s he gonna get to the surface from there?
The mine’s more or less a cul-de-sac. I can’t think there’d be any convenient paths or...
Ah! T-There is! Here, r-right here!
This? This old tunnel they used back when this whole place was a mine?
But since it’s from the old mine, it’s an almost fully vertical slope. Climbing’s an option, but is he going to have the energy?
T-There’s a minecart there!
T-This minecart, it’s like one of those bucket pulleys, right? When one side falls, the other goes up.
So if we put something heavy like rocks in one side...
...then get some rope to hold it in place and have Isumi set it up so that it breaks with some dynamite...
H-He can get to the surface real fast!
......!
I press the switch and hear an explosion from somewhere. The minecart then shoots forth.
Huh? W-Wait!
The SSU leaves my vision in the blink of an eye.
......!
It’s incredibly fast.
The minecart passing me overhead whizzes by with wind enough to bowl me over.
My cart rolls up the tracks, passing by abandoned veins and tunnels.
Then...
...I get to the coal sorting room.
So after he rockets up, where’s that going to leave him?
We looked into this in the library, remember? My money’s on that coal sortin’ room.
T-The place where they use water to separate the coal from the rocks, right?
The coal that floats up in the water gets scooped up by the rollers. He gets in with the coal and he’s Pancakeiro.
So if he wants to escape, then...
...he’s going to have to get in with the rocks and get shit out as slag.
But the coal sorting cycle is... ten minutes?
Is it... humanly possible to hold your breath that long?
Got no choice.
This is our guy. He’ll work something out.
......!
I didn’t have us practice holdin’ our breath to near-death for nothin’.
I dive into the seawater and grab a large rock, making me sink down deeper.
The bladelike rollers spin overhead without ceasing.
If I touch one, it’s game over.
Nn...
My lungs are killing me.
My body fidgets, craving oxygen.
I restrain the desire as hard as I can.
Just a little longer. It’ll be over soon.
The rollers cover the water’s surface, making it pitch black.
I hear water flow out of somewhere.
......!
Then, the ground beneath me cracks open and I freefall with my rock.
Ah, ahh, haa...!
Finally able to breathe again, I desperately take in as much air as I can.
But there’s no time to rest on my laurels.
I’ve fallen onto a conveyor belt.
The mine’s final path meant to push out the slag.
The conveyor belt’s end... t-that’s just a bit underground, right?
This place ain’t on the map, and constant renovations have left it real convoluted.
A-And if he pops out somewhere the security cameras can see, he’ll just get caught... W-What do we do?
All right, leave this to me.
You have any idea how many drones I crashed into this place before they threw me in?
......!
I know the terrain like the back of my hand. All I need to do is make it so that Shuichiro doesn’t get lost.
Haa, haa...!
If I fly a drone in and draw some arrows, even a dumbass’d be able to find his way through.
I run along the conveyor belt, following the arrows drawn.
I advance through the complicated waste disposal machine with no obstacles.
Then, the goal comes into view.
If he makes it there, it’s smooth sailing.
But, w-wait, Noah, what about the blade thingies here? The ones that crush the slag?
Yeah, we saw that one in the flesh, and let me tell you, it looked rough. Getting to it is one thing, but getting past it outside is...
You two ever hear of a material called d12o?
D Twelve... O?
Basically, there’s this stuff that’s normally soft but has its molecules bind together in response to external trauma and gets really hard. D12o’s the superpowered version.
If a drone with a hull made of the stuff got caught in those blades, well...
......
...you bet your ass they’d shut down.
Still... I remember ’em not being all that wide. Can he even fit through?
Probably? His joints are pretty ridiculous. Should be easy if he dislocates both shoulders.
Urgh!
I fall onto some fine stones.
Forcing my dislocated joints back into place, I look up into the pouring rain.
I see a mountain. A heap. A slagheap.
I can... I can climb that!
The angle isn’t too steep, and the rocks are good enough handholds. I can make it.
Compared to all the other impossible trials, this should be a piece of cake.
Ghh!
I just have a little bit more to go.
I’m so close to where I want to be.
To my freedom.
If I just get over here, the sea’ll be—
Urgh!
My stance breaks, and my hand leaves the rock.
I fall back down to where I started, joined by a few pebbles.
Gnn...!
I challenge the wall again and again.
This time, I fall headfirst without even reaching the midpoint.
So... c-cold...
My body is wet, and my temperature is dropping.
Ghh...!
The energy simply leaves me.
My hands are numb. It’s hard to grip anything.
Haa... Haa...!
I’ve broken past the limit of my limit, and I keep going.
It’s hard to even stand.
Even worse, my fingers are so cold I can barely move them.
Haa... Ahh...!
I made it here thanks to everyone’s help.
But here... there’s no one to give me a hand.
I have to overcome this on my own.
Haaah! Aahhhhh!
So I’m not giving up.
Ghhhrk!
No matter what happens.
Haa... Haaa...!
No matter what stands in my way.
(END)
