You might want to try a wiser way of climbing than with guts alone, Shuichiro.
......
I hear a voice from somewhere.
I look to the right and to the left. No one’s there.
Then, I slowly look down.
With you getting naked... I’m finally able to show myself.
Ama...tsu...
It’s him. It’s Amatsu.
How long has it been?
When was the last time we talked?
Warm yourself with me, Shuichiro.
I know what he’s trying to say.
On cold nights under chilly covers...
...everyone with a cock grabs it to keep warm.
I do the same, warming my numbed hands.
Then, I grasp a handhold of the tall slagheap again.
I didn’t disappear because I stopped liking you. Nothing of the sort.
It’s just that... you don’t need me anymore, Shuichiro.
Until now, you’ve run away from growing up.
You’ve avoided the absurdity of the world by staying a child.
You thought of everything painful and hard in life as something outside of you, that didn’t concern you... and that’s how you protected yourself.
But to fight where you couldn’t get anyone’s help... You truly have grown.
By facing and understanding the childish parts of yourself, you were able to accept your own guilt.
And with that... you grew up a little.
You’ve grown enough... to be able to leave me behind.
I climb.
You have... so many friends...
Up the wall.
So you’ll be... fine without... me, Shuichiro...
I keep climbing.
I know you can... choose the right path...
I make it.
I know you can do this.
I make it up on my own.
When I do, Amatsu has become nothing but a penis.
Like Dr. Higuchi said, Amatsu was my other self.
He won’t answer me anymore when I call.
But that doesn’t mean he’s disappeared.
The warmth in my hands proves that.
......
I say it in my heart again and again.
Thank you, Amatsu.
I wouldn’t have gotten this far in life without you.
Thank you.
Thank you for everything.
My first ever... friend.
I leap into the sea.
The wild currents easily push me back to the shore.
Yet I struggle. I kick against the waves.
......!
My body sinks.
I’ve used every last drop of my stamina and can hardly move.
My legs are twitching so much I can’t even doggy paddle.
I can hardly swim anymore.
......
I gradually lose feeling in my limbs.
A floating sensation comes over me. I start to feel more at peace.
......
Am I dreaming?
Am I still in prison? Am I in the afterlife?
I’d be fine with that.
If it’s a sweet dream, I’ll stay in it as long as I can.
Like the dream of fireworks I had last night.
Fireworks explode overhead.
Prettier than the ones I saw in my dream.
Beautiful fireworks illuminate the sky.
My body moves, naturally, as if guided by the light.
A boat approaches, its engine off.
It approaches me despite the rough currents with brilliant helmsmanship.
I notice that the storm has already ended.
Hey there. Are you the exhibitionist I’m looking for?
A man I’ve never seen before is looking at me from the boat.
He’s tall and wearing some strange-looking goggles.
Take my hand.
He reaches out to me, his hand adorned with a wristband.
I take his hand.
Target security. No enemies in immediate vicinity. Beginning return.
Roger. The storm’s let up, so we’d better hurry before they find us.
Roger roger! Panzer vor!
Don’t go too fast and make us capsize like a certain face-stuffing pig I know.
The boat blasts forward, pulling off quick turns as it goes.
Huh? Are you telling me you don’t know the orgasmic joy of a post-binge food coma?
Closer and closer, we go towards the light.
The prison is far behind and out of sight.
A request came into the office, and I did think it would be rough to find you in this storm, but... we’ve got a real nice radar on board.
I am truly glad we found you, young one. You must have been so cold. Please wear this.
She gives me a lame-looking T-shirt.
You must have been so hungry too! Well, I made you a bunch of stuff—rice balls, fried chicken, chocolate, it’s yours!
......
Eat all you want, we won’t run out! Most of the cargo’s food!
I still can’t process what’s going on.
Where... are we going?
Well, you’ll see when we get there.
The boat bobs up and down as it heads south.
We leave the rainclouds behind, and warm air massages my skin.
Don’t worry, we’re almost there! Look, you can almost see it now!
We splash through the blue and indigo sea.
That there’s our destination.
A beautiful woman with brown hair points to an island in the distance.
It’s like a tropical island.
A place where people have sex everywhere and where lewd goods are sold on the streets.
A place that embraces all sex acts...
...yet is sectioned off well so that no one has to do what they don’t want to.
This is...
This... is Seiran Island.
Seiran Island.
The true pervert’s paradise.
My utopia.
Shuichiro Minato died at sea today.
The tall man leads the way, his footfalls light.
From now on, you’re going to have to live under a different name as a different person.
We go through the island, walking deeper into the center.
But that just goes to show how much you’ve achieved, doesn’t it?
Eventually, he stops.
Then, he points up ahead.
Now, take a look at the fruits of those achievements.
There’s a small building in front of me.
Clean and cozy.
......!
I notice the sign on the wall.
I see what’s written on it in big bold letters.
You really took your time. Wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say you kept us waiting forever.
Yeah. I thought we’d all end up old maids before you showed up.
Y-Yeah, yeah! W-We were r-really bored!
I hear some jeers from inside.
Ah...
They sound just like they always have.
All three girls are standing at the door.
Ahhh...
My eyes fill with tears.
As if to wash away everything I’ve been through up until now.
Huh? H-He’s crying... What do we do...?
Those are, like, actual tears too. Kinda embarrassing to see.
A pitiful show, I tell ya. Kid to the end, huh?
We set the stage so nicely too. This was supposed to be a reunion of smiles.
This is what I’ve done. What I’ve achieved.
I-I guess that didn’t work out too well, huh?
Proof that I’d lived in that prison.
But, well, that’s how things always are with us, isn’t it?
What I fought and protected to the end.
......!
I start running again.
This time, I’m not running down a path with no destination.
I’m running to my goal.
I’m running to them.
I’m home, everyone!
Welcome home, Shuhei!|Welcome back, Shuhei!|Good to see you, Shuhei.
That was the name of our game’s protagonist we decided together.
(END)
.........
......
...
Oh? You want to know what happened after all that?
Sure, I’ll tell you. To people on the outside, the goings-on of your average prison are probably a fascinating listen.
What happened in Tulip Prison a bit back really stands out, though.
Not that I’m privy to all the details.
No one knows what really happened.
Aside from the man himself, you know what I mean?
If you live in the Kyushu area and spend even a few seconds of the day paying attention to the outside world, you’ve probably heard whether you want to or not.
The news about the prison break. They had it going on TV day after day.
Warden Mizushiro couldn’t just let him run free. He knew too many of the prison’s secrets.
So she didn’t just mobilize the Ninth Correctional Precinct—she used everything in her power to hunt for him.
She even had a wanted poster with his photo going around.
Can you believe it?
The warden had hundreds of soldiers stomping around, all looking for a guy who really liked to get naked.
Shu did WHAT?! Auugh!
I wouldn’t be surprised if his friends and family fainted at the sight.
But fortunately, or unfortunately for some, they never did find Prisoner Number 0720.
All they found was some vomit at the very bottom of the coal mine.
That and a tattered prison suit.
The famous Warden Mizushiro had both immense authority and control over the media.
That power was more than enough to cover up the prison break itself.
She once censored an entire island, effectively erasing it from existence. Sweeping away a jailbreak was a piece of cake.
But there was one truth that even Himeko Mizushiro couldn’t deny.
Other people had eyes.
The huge search was more than enough for the general public to sense that something was up.
The internet’s a lot more popular these days than it was back when I was on the outside. Anyone can post on it.
So an anonymous article went up on some site on the internet, and soon, the public was nodding along.
A blunder at a prison somewhere in the country had allowed an inmate to escape.
The fugitive was both dangerous and at large.
Now, once panic grips the masses, even the mightiest authority is going to have trouble calming them down.
And a hunt for a runaway prisoner is a pretty big production.
These runaways already knew that from their time on the lam in the island’s forests.
The fact that Tulip Prison’s existence was common knowledge by then must’ve been a major factor, too.
If the Correctional Exhibition hadn’t been such a rousing success, it might not have worked nearly as well.
It’s enough to make me think he planned it all in advance, but... there’s no way.
It just can’t be.
Bold and reckless, that’s what he’s all about.
But just imagine him laying this all out, scheming up this whole plan in his mind, playing some real 5D chess. Fun to think about, right?
See, I actually found out about all this a lot later.
Since, well, getting a hole blasted in my stomach had me eating hospital food for a good while.
She didn’t actually shoot me.
......
She just gripped her pistol hard and looked at me in utter despair.
Bring him topside and tend to his wounds. Now.
She ordered a nearby soldier.
You won’t even allow me to take my punishment, will you?
......
I fell speechless, and she said nothing to me.
Then, she went off. Off and after him.
That was the last I saw of Himeko.
With how much shit got stirred, someone had to take responsibility.
Plenty of people remember the Ministry of Justice getting restructured after the scandal thirty years ago.
The warden was at the scene. Giving commands and taking responsibility was her job.
Phantom precinct this might be, but the rules of responsibility are the same here as everywhere.
If they saddled her with all the blame, they could play the fool if he blew the lid on the whole thing. That’s just how things work in the real world, isn’t it?
So, Warden Mizushiro did her duty and stepped down herself.
Now there’s no one left in the prison who wants to censor sexual expression.
As long as he’s still out there, no one can be sure when all of Tulip Prison’s dirty laundry might get hung out to dry.
If it were me personally, I wouldn’t be able to sleep. It’s basically like having a ticking time bomb in your house.
Living like that’d grind anyone down, and the warden was no exception.
I’m sure that was part of the reason she quit.
But look at where we’re at. Do you know Tulip Prison’s dark secrets? Does anyone?
That’s right. Word never got out.
I guess the yakuza chief on the team pushed for honor among thieves.
......
Or maybe it was the best way he could find to express love for the woman he’d never reached an understanding with.
You... win this one.
I figure it’s his way of thanking her.
Now, I’ll bet money that when she stepped out of the warden’s office for the last time, two questions passed her mind.
First, she wondered how her life went so wrong.
Second, she wondered just how much planning he put into his prison break.
You’re probably wondering what happened to Tulip Prison after the warden took her leave.
After causing that much of a stink, there’s no way everyone could get off scot-free.
That’s how things work in the prison. The t’s always get crossed.
Excuse me?! I just happened to be there and got swept up in the mood! I didn’t incite nothing!
The main inciters or those close got sent to solitary for a week.
Gyahhh! I got caught up in the mood... I’m always drifting with the flow...!
Prisoners hate solitary more than anything. No bath, no exercise, and the tiniest bit of food.
You too. I’m sure you had your reasons, but rules are rules.
But, ultimately, that’s the extent of punishment anyone got.
It’s only what I deserve. Sorry for the trouble.
We’d all experienced the Damned Ward. A little solitary was nothing.
And me, well. Let’s just say I couldn’t complain about a harsher punishment.
So, what about the guards who joined in?
A prison’s warden is basically its god.
Defying her would mean punishment, even for the staff. Demotions, pay drops, firing, no Taco Tuesday... It should have been a bloodbath.
This time, though? Not a damn thing happened to a one of them.
No demotions, no fines, and no firings.
I’m sure the new warden had everything to do with that.
My name is Hazuki Yugao, and I’m the new warden in town.
Surprised? So was I.
How in the hell did the de-facto leader of the uprising, Captain Yugao, end up as the new warden?
All of you have had it too easy for too long—but no more, now that I’m in charge.
Did she plot this whole thing out and start the uprising? Or did she just happen to be the only person for the job?
Shape up. Improve yourselves. Work to rehabilitate those twisted minds of yours. As long as you’re good little inmates, your lives here won’t be torture.
The answer? No one wanted the post after the riot.
Don’t make us do more than we have to.
Because anyone who took it was going to get hit hard if |he| ever spilled the beans.
Aha!
Either way, her loyal dog was wagging her tail at her master’s return.
You’re probably wondering how life in the prison changed after that.
Out of bed! Now! Sicko Squad, advance!
The answer? Not much.
Auntie’s not around anymore... I’ll have to give it my all on my own!
I wake up in the same musty cells and climb the stairs.
Clasp your hands and give thanks! Sicko Squad, commence dining!
I eat a tasty or crappy breakfast, then head for my workstation.
B-Boss, I finished wiping down the windows! Eheh, eheheh!
I do my job as normal and eat lunch.
Is it just me, man, or has it gotten real warm lately?
When evening hits, I rest in the shade.
Sure has.
Though I don’t have my usual smokes with me, not being a smuggler anymore.
I got off too light for betraying him, really.
We head back to our cells at night time.
Time for lights-out! Sicko Squad, sleep!
Sleeping time comes pretty quickly.
That’s our routine as prisoners. No variation.
Boring, but peaceful. That’s life in my home.
And that’s the peace that he brought to Tulip Prison. The peace it needed.
All traces of him up and vanished on top of the slagheap.
With how fierce the storm was that day, you couldn’t honestly expect him to have survived.
Not that they ever found his body.
And even if he did manage to survive, would he really announce to the world that he was alive? After escaping prison?
He went to the back of the coal mine, right? The place where they crush up the coal?
The jig loader’d kill you instantly if you got caught in it, and how would he get out through there, anyway?
People started to speculate and theorize.
Pff, you absolute buffoons. He stripped his clothes off before diving into the sea, right? So, he OBVIOUSLY drowned!
When you think about it realistically, that’s not a gauntlet anyone could live through.
But they checked through all the coal and didn’t find him, right? No bodies have washed up, either, so he’s got to be alive!
Yeah. This is Exhibitiman we’re talking about!
There was something about him made people imagine that maybe, just maybe, he |did| pull it off.
Like hell Shuichiro’s dead!
Lemme tell you, that guy’ll pull his ass outta any situation, no matter what!
Some people swung hard for that idea.
Grindin’ machine? Who cares, he’d smash it up!
That’s just how deep an impression his exploits left on people.
Coal miners got guts, you hear me?! Guts! Doesn’t matter how rough the sea is, our man could stay underwater for an hour, easy!
He has a lot of believers in the prison. Fanatics? Cultists?
It’s like he’s gone on to become a religious figure.
Not exactly a messiah, but Sister Julia might not’ve been too far off the mark.
Since I’m still an information broker, this is a common topic I hear a lot.
At least four times a week. When people are bored, hell, once a day.
There’s nothing much to do in prison, and everyone wants a little excitement in their lives.
What do you think, Mr. Kugitani?!
When the conversation winds down, I always get asked for my take.
He’s definitely still alive, right?!
Do I think he’s alive or do I think he’s dead?
Everyone who asks me that does so with eyes shining with anticipation.
In other words, they all want to believe he’s alive. Want to believe he’s enjoying himself somewhere out there.
Unfortunately, I’m a professional.
Who can say?
I can’t pass off info that’s not airtight.
Eventually, summer comes to the prison.
The sky is overcast most of the year in Tulip Prison, but this is the only time we get some bright sun.
And sometimes, the summer breeze brings surprising messages with it.
Number 0126, a letter’s come in for you! Get over here and get it!
Strange. Very strange. This is the first time a letter’s ever come for you.
The delivery to me is a small, illustrated postcard.
The picture is of a beautiful tulip field overlooking the sea.
......
I check the stamp. Seiran Island.
There’s no sender name.
Heheh.
I can’t help chuckling at the sight of it.
The image pops into my head.
The image of him innocently frolicking in the utopia he sought for so long.
I’ll... I’ll be here a bit longer.
I haven’t atoned for my crime yet.
It’ll probably be a good while before I can leave Tulip Prison.
But there’s nothing that binds you anymore.
So while I’m here... live free.
I let myself slip out of character and imagine it.
I see you standing in front of a brand-new office building.
Progress at one hundred percent. Finalizing the build.
Surrounded by dear friends and comrades.
Our game’s all done and good, but... the title’s still Title (temp).
You’re sitting back in a leather easy chair.
W-We should finally give it an... actual name.
You’re giving orders like you were born to.
The days when perverts like us were locked away in prison are now behind us.
Overcoming all the obstacles in your way...
Next, we’re going out: out into the City.
You’re making your game as freely as you wish.
Yeah.
Roger.
M-Mr. President.
You’re succeeding as a producer.
I hope that’s the truth.
Even for just now, just this brief moment, I hope the world is how I’ve imagined it.
I hope the place you’ve found yourself in is everything you ever hoped for.
And I hope you’re basking in as much freedom as you can muster.
Yeah.
Because, well, seeing you radiant and free...
That’s my favorite thing to do.
//Notes on the Grand Route (Final)
The story so far.
The protagonist found himself locked away between dimensions.
The pocket was a sicko dimension, perverting the very concepts of space and time. He could neither live nor die within it.
This is... fine. I...
He hugged his knees and murmured to himself.
He regretted nothing.
The heroines had saved him from his loneliness and made him a place to belong, the City.
For them, he would give his life.
Ag! Protag (temp)...!
Yet, he heard voices.
Come back, Protagonist (temp)!
Their voices, calling him.
If you’re gone, who’s going to carry me around on their shoulders?!
Their voices become hands, reaching for and pulling him out.
A lot happened, and Protagonist (temp) ended up alive and well and back in the City.
//Kinda half-assed (NK)
The real world was in the middle of a fierce battle between the superpowered perverts and the normies.
......!
Seeing the heroines alive again, he was assailed by an incredible spell of lust.
This was because he was unable to masturbate while locked away in the other dimension.
I’ve been waiting for this!
He jerked it to their panties a hundred times with blistering speed, cumming a solid liter.
That’s a lot of cum.
//That’s a lot of cum (NK)
//That’s a lot of cum (TH)
//That’s a lot of cum (IK)
His passion unleashed not a whirlwind but a storm.
With the heat of his cum on the storm, it became a cyclone.
You can’t truly mean to do this! This will erase your perverse powers forever, all of them!
I don’t give a damn.
The cyclone tore away at the Lustveins, launching them up into the air like a spurt of semen. They exploded like fireworks in the sky.
Because we don’t need these powers anymore!
Peace returned to the City.
Though Protagonist (temp) had lost his PESP powers...
...he gained something else.
Let’s go home, Protag (temp)... back to our home!
Yeah!
A place to go back to that wasn’t the house he was born in.
//All’s well that ends well (SM)
(END)
This is the office of Lale Inc.
A small company made by ex-cons. Pervert ex-cons.
Now, we may be out, but that doesn’t mean we’ve immediately adapted to the outside world.
Habits are a terrifyin’ thing. I’m not even in the joint anymore, but I always feel like I’ve gotta go to the powder room ’round eleven o’clock.
I always have to take a dump right after breakfast too.
It’s hard to get rid of habits beaten into your body.
Excuse me... Oh. Old habits.
Explosives set, clear... Firing!
The prison’s lasting scars are terrifying indeed.
But, well... there’s no fearsome guards are obnoxious rules out here.
Yeah. We won’t get needlessly yelled at for doing, well, any mundane thing.
Y-Yeah. We’re... o-on the outside.
Eheh, eheh, eheh, eheheh!|Ahahaha!|Wahahaha!
Now I can adjust my crotch whenever I want!
I-I don’t have to get yelled at if I re-adjust m-my bra, either!
We don’t need to have our underwear inspected every day! No more wet dream announcements, no more getting beat down for masturbating!
Ahahaha!
Eheh, eheh, eheh, eheheh!|Ahahaha!|Wahahaha!
We’re all so happy over the most basic, mundane things.
We’re finally free.
And you know what’s really the best? The food!
Yeah. No more of that salt-free, hospital food-level stuff!
We can have all the snacks and zoo-zoos we want!
Om nom on nom, urgh!
What’s with her?
It looks like she really got into the novelty of junk food... and the habit of overeating it.
Zzz.
According to her, eating until you faint and then conking out is... the best.
Girl is food coma-maxing.
I think she’s cute. Like a seal that’s jumped onto the shore.
Sounds like she’s sprinting to an early death, but what’re the early days out of the joint without a little vice?
And let’s face it, Kane, you don’t have the boobs to readjust a bra around in the first place.
We live free, away from surveilling eyes.
Y-Ya wanna throw down?
We’re probably the only fugitives in the world like this, really.
Take this and that and this and that!
Ora ora ora ora ora!
Before on the outside, I had a pretty miserable life.
Now, things are different.
Oh, right, Shuichi... whoa.
He’s not Shuichiro anymore, remember? We have to use his other name.
Shuhei, Shuhei... Hey, Shuhei! Hm. Don’t quite like the sound of that.
Y-Yeah, it doesn’t quite. C-Click.
Just call me what you always do when we’re alone.
Exhibitiman.
No, not that.
Pissain Bolt.
Blast from the past.
Here, I have my irreplaceable friends.
So when we’re outside, I want you to call me... Prez.
This is where I’m going to live my new life.
Of course, to live your life, there’s something you need. Something unavoidable.
It presents a realistic, terribly unsexy problem.
Yeesh. Another day of zero DLs.
We need money to live.
Let me see... Ah. Right you are. We haven’t had a single yen come in. I’d never thought it woulda been this... derelict.
Real zero hours...
We started selling our game on a rather famous platform.
Since we can’t sell it in Japan without putting mosaics over the genitalia, we ended up selling it on a foreign site.
Selling your eroge on said platform had a strange method to it—you had to put all the erotic scenes in a patch users would download from another site.
If this keeps up, it’ll be nothing but white rice on the table, and maybe not much of that.
The building the office is in doesn’t cost rent.
Noah bought it in cash.
She had a good twenty million yen in her accounts, but she used it all on parole.
So, I bought some crypto on a whim before I got thrown in prison.
It cost her only a hundred yen.
The price went up like crazy right around when we got out, and it ended up making me a cool twenty million in profit.
She then found this building on offer for cheap and immediately bought it.
She bought the computers, appliances, software, and so on with the leftover five million.
That means we have the latest computers, LCD tablets, and accounting software.
To hear Noah state it, if you’re serious about starting something, you don’t want to cheap out on the gear.
We have her to thank for all of this.
Uh-oh, Noah’s gonna blow it again!
Noah, get the fuck off that site! Don’t tell me you already forgot how you put in writing that you wouldn’t mess with forex trading again! Because I do! You were crying!
You’ve gotta let me do this! Forex is the only way I can make up for all those crypto losses! It’ll work this time, I swear!
We’re gonna be eating our goddamn hats if we let a chance this huge slip us by! No exaggeration! If I use all the leverage and trade hardcore on the margin, we can get a hundred mi—
The success, unfortunately, left her a little loopy.
Tch, you’ve become a monster, trapped by visions of past glory... Isumi, you know what to do!
She poured everything she had left over into other investments, and all of them were duds.
Hi-yah!
One of her investments scraped up against a hundred million, but it started to drop down so hard that she had to cut her losses through tears.
Ugwah!
Because of all that, Lale Inc.’s cash assets are essentially zero.
We don’t have any money.
But we went and spent all our time on finishing the game...
The price we’ve paid... for art.
Yeah?
They’re right. We spent it all on luxury and indulging in artsy-fartsy craft... and now we’re footin’ the bill.
She has a point. We spared no expense when it came to developing the game.
I don’t have any regrets there, but we are in a rough spot.
I’ll pick up a part-time job if we need to. I’ve worked in a coal mine. I can do manual labor easy.
Y-You can’t do that, Shuichiro! Y-You’re a wanted man! T-They’ll put you in the dungeon!
Oh. Right.
I don’t have any civil registration anymore.
That’s why all of the registration and paperwork for the company has been done under Taeka’s name.
She did all the paperwork like she’d done this a thousand times.
Bet you didn’t know, Shuichiro, that yakuza are masters at starting companies.
Taeka is the president on paper, but I’m the one who sits at the president’s desk.
You sure I can sit here?
Heh... You really worried about that, kid? Of course you can sit there.
Why shouldn’t you? You’re our leader.
No matter where she sits, Taeka is always so cool.
Shuichiro aside, problem is, can any of us even get jobs? We’re all criminals that don’t even have high school diplomas.
I graduated elementary school.
I dropped out of elementary school, myself. D-Do kindergartens give... degrees...? Eheh, eheheh...
And I’m former yakuza too, but I still have my pinkie.
This is all to say that we’re in trouble if this game doesn’t sell.
Yet at present, if we sell a single copy that’s a good week, and we’ve even seen a completely dead month.
Our game is really good, though. Why won’t it sell?
I’m confident that we made a really good game.
So it makes no sense to me that its sales are so poor.
Content aside, it feels like no one’s even getting to the store page.
And that’s understandable, if painful. It’s not like we have adverts anywhere, and no one’s going to buy what they don’t know about.
It costs money to put out ads, and there’s no telling how much effect they’ll actually have.
Selling the game itself is important, but seeing players’ thoughts is more important.
As of now, we have no way of finding out how people felt after playing the game.
What impressions do people out there have of the work we put our souls into?
Not knowing that, frankly, sucks.
But, well, if I |had| to look for a problem with the game itself...
With a few taps of her keyboard, Noah shifts the screen.
I’d probably start here?
She opens up the administrator screen for developers.
The screen allows you to edit and check around the store page as you’d like.
The store page itself has a spot for users to write reviews of the game.
The game’s current rating is right between “Overwhelmingly Positive” and “Overwhelmingly Negative”... we’re at “Mixed.”
There’s only one actual written review of the game. It’s a single comment that reads:
The horny is lacking.
The horny is lacking? Excuse me? Is this not a game where they fight with pervy superpowers?
H-How can it be lacking in the horny?
Maybe they’re talking about the actual sex scenes themselves?
M-Maybe they should have been longer?
It’s more like... the sex scenes in this are pretty vanilla, right? Missionary, doggy style, cowgirl... that kinda thing.
So, what’s probably going on here is... the situations are lacking? Put simply, there’s no fetishism to it.
I had written up outlines and requests for the sex scenes, then had Isumi and Taeka do the writing and art.
In other words, the issue lies with me.
So I think we need some insane levels of horny for our next piece.
The Grand Route expansion.
What we have on sale now is the single route, Heroine One’s, that we made right before the Correctional Exhibition.
There’s a route where the protagonist gets together with all the heroines after that—a Grand Route, as they call them.
We’re going to need to up the eroticism with it.
Fetishes, huh...? What’ll we do about that?
Well, you’ve got one, don’t you? You’re really into exhibitionism.
Yeah, you got so into it that you got arrested.
Sweet! Let’s make the protagonist an exhibitionist, then!
Er, on second thought, let’s not.
Yeah, like, a game where the protagonist is an exhibitionist? Like hell that’d sell.
I can’t imagine anyone’d want to play a game where the main character gets naked all the time.
......
It looks like this fetish business is really tricky.
Is there anything else you’ve got? L-Like sex things you’re stuck on?
I’ve... never been interested in anything other than exhibitionism.
Like, is there anything you find yourself particularly liking when having sex?
Can’t say I’ve had that sort of experience.
Oh, come on. At least put some thought into your fucking.
Y-Yeah! You... You should be serious about it!
Hmm... Hrmm...
Hey, wait a second.
Anyone here who’s had sex with Shuichiro, raise your hand.
Everyone is still and silent.
Of course they are. I’m a virgin.
Huh? Don’t tell me you haven’t banged anyone yet!
I haven’t.
Why?!
Look at how many women are around you!
There sure are.
I don’t mean to toot my own horn, but I’d say we’re pretty pretty too!
Y-You should’ve fucked us! W-We shoulda had sex!
Huh? That was an option?
F-Fucking obviously!
I’ll spread my legs whenever you ask me to!
Why the fuck do you think I’ve been taking the pill every day?!
They get mad at me.
W-What do you think we bought this building for?!
To fuck, obviously!
This is the fuck room, you moron!
......
It looks like I have the right to have sex with any of the three.
I... I see.
I had no idea, I think to myself.
Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like I’ll be able to come through.
Huh?! You mind explaining, you little punk?!
You saying you can’t fuck us, huh?!
G-Give us the reason! The reasonnnn!
Lately, I... can’t get it up.
......
......
......
I’m all soft.
I point to my crotch.
There lies my penis, small and wilted.
He’s... right. It’s not erect at all.
Wait, weren’t you the type to only get hard when you’re naked?
Y-Yeah! Take off your clothes! Take ’em off!
No.
I shake my head.
I... will not strip.
Shock comes over their faces.
So I haven’t had an erection in a good while now.
I’m on a bit of an erectile dysfunction kick.
H-He can do whatever he wants with us, but he doesn’t...? W-What’s going on h-here...?
I have my reasons.
Wait, this is... pretty bad, right?
I can’t get into it, but it’s something really important to me.
Yeah. We went and finished his route too... Here I was thinkin’ I was just waiting my turn...
If I don’t do this... I can’t move forward.
Like, me, I’ve been really horny lately and really in the mood for sex...
It’s something I have to settle with myself so that I can stay with the three of you.
I-I’ve been masturbating so much I-I can hardly keep up with work...
But if that’s acting as an obstacle for our work and making trouble for you all... I can’t have that.
We’re in prime age for getting down... and the man we love is keeping us waiting like this...?
I’m sure Amatsu would scold me if he saw this sorry state of—
Are you listening?
Yeah.
I completely agree.
I think so too.
Phew, glad to hear.
So I... think I’ll put effort into finding a new fetish.
You’d better.
You gotta.
You have my aid.
Thanks. I couldn’t ask for better friends.
First, we’ve gotta fix that erectile dysfunction.
Wanna see if there’s a decent clinic nearby?
W-We’ve gotta make money to cover the costs...
......
It’s great to have friends, I think to myself.
I want a lot of money too.
Now that’s surprising. Hadn’t thought you one much for such worldly things.
Reality... is simply harsh.
I-If we only sell a few copies, then... how about we go all in? And r-raise the price?
Mmm. If we’re basically selling the same number of copies, that’s one way to do it.
But it won’t sell on this site if it’s not under a thousand yen. Maybe we could make it more expensive just in Japan...?
Thinking about it rationally, four people like us can’t live on our own.
Let’s take a better look at the situation.
Still, I’m not too panicked.
We’ve got to fix all the bugs, and we’ve got to finalize the outline for the next game. Most importantly, though, we need to add in more and better sex.
As long as we have this building, we won’t have to worry about places to sleep.
No matter how bad things get, it’ll be better than being in solitary back in the prison.
Let’s focus on what we can do here and now.
Thinking that keeps my spirits high.
I’m sure we’ll be fine.
We can take it easy and move forward.
I swear... that I’ll make you all happy.
After all, we have all the time in the world.
(END)
All right, everyone! Time for the best day of the month!
At the start of the month, Taeka will always walk in with four brown envelopes.
She gives us allowance in the form of “salary.”
Here you go, Shuichiro. Try not to spend it all in one place.
Big thank you, bro.
Everyone gets the same pay: three thousand yen.
We all make sure to use it wisely, buying snacks or going to karaoke with it.
I’m gonna head out a bit.
When I say that, Isumi scurries over to me.
I-I’m coming with you! Y-You’ll need a bodyguard since you’re wanted! Eheh!
Glad to have you with me.
I head out to town, bodyguard in tow.
I’m not the only one who’s changed on the outside.
The others are excited at the sights and sounds of town too.
The most changed, however, is our narrative writer Isumi Kurokane.
W-Whoa! T-There’s so many cars out here!
She’d been locked away in Tulip Prison for ten years, after all.
B-But they don’t make noise! They’re quiet!
It’s because they’re electric cars.
S-So they don’t make noise when powered by electricity? W-Wow!
The world has changed a lot in that time.
To her, everything seems fresh and novel.
I got this stuff called ‘beef jerky!’
How about you give it a try?
So she goes wild over just the smallest things.
Hn...! I-I think I broke a tooth...?
Let’s go to the hospital. Now.
Sometimes that leads to the situation actually getting wild too.
Since she only knew the outside when she was very little, being out here must feel like living on an alien planet.
S-So many shops!
She points out everything she doesn’t recognize as we stroll down the street.
The sky’s so high up! And so blue!
Not many clouds, either.
This road is h-huge!
Main street, huh?
So many people!
Like a festival.
Get pregnant!
Weird shouts!
That’s how you know you’re on Seiran.
Real bangin’...!
There are so many things on this island that weren’t in the prison.
Oh! That baby’s crying!
A baby?
Shuichiro, look, a baby!
Babies you see in passing are one of them.
A baby...
Sure is.
We look down at the small being in its carriage.
Would you like to hold her?
Why not indulge?
Put your hand around her back so her neck rests on your shoulder... There, there you go.
The lady in the kimono lets Isumi hold the baby.
Uh... W-Whoa...
She timidly manages to support the little guy.
S-So small... hands b-big as fingers... a-and she smells like milk!
Yeah.
Eheheh, she’s so, so cute...
It’s a warm scene, seeing her lovingly pet the little babe.
She starts talking about the child with the kimono lady, so I step away from her and head to the post office.
I put one of the stamps that I bought in bulk earlier onto the brown envelope.
I sandwich the twenty-five hundred yen in the envelope in between some paper to hide it from view, then put it into the post box.
......
The address I’m sending it to is the victim I exposed myself to.
The setting sun’s rays sparkle on the water of the nudist beach. It’s a beautiful sight.
They used to ban the wearing of clothes here, but now people can choose to go nude or clothed.
Whoa, look at this b-beach! The sand is soft! Totally different from dirt and rocks!
Everyone is pleasantly stretching their legs over the sand, Isumi included.
......
I, however, refrain from stripping.
The old me would have lost himself to the moment. Cast off his disguise and embraced the freedom of nudity.
But I came to know love in Tulip Prison.
I also came to know of perverts and how to feel guilt.
I took back what I had passed onto Amatsu.
That allowed me to know, truly, what my crime was.
......
Indecent exposure carries a sentence of six months incarceration or a fine of three hundred thousand yen.
I spent about that much time in prison.
But I cannot think that I have atoned for my crime.
To me now, three hundred thousand is an astronomical number.
Feels nice to walk on the beach barefoot.
Whoa...?! I-It tickles, and my feet, they sink! But this is... this is nice!
To pay that price to everyone I ever showed my crotch to will cost millions.
And until I do that, I won’t strip anymore.
I’m not sure if sending this pittance to the victim is enough to count as atonement, but...
Eheheh! Real splashy!
But I want to atone, and I want to regret.
Because I’m sure I have more than enough time here to do so.
All sorts of things on the outside fascinate her.
At the same time, she wants to absorb a lot. Take the world in.
I-I wanna try... going to school!
Why?
Huh? T-That was harsh...
There’s nothing fun about school.
R-Really?
For one, school has... sports day.
I-I think there are s-some exceptions.
Isumi has been a real go-getter lately.
L-Like, one that’s not, normal?
T-The person who let me hold that baby a bit ago, s-she teaches a bunch of stuff. Like etiquette a-and flowers.
M-My handwriting’s real messy. I-I’m real worried about it, so I want to study penmanship.
She’s clearly different from the introverted girl who had such a hard time talking before.
S-She said she didn’t mind my eye, and... I-I don’t think I could go to a normal school, either...
I-I’ll help out around the house a lot, so... can I?
That does sound... pretty great.
Y-Yeah?!
Do you have money, though?
S-She said it’s free for people with no money! Something about... g-giving back, I think? Though she d-doesn’t pull punches for free students!
Her experiences over the past several months have probably changed her a lot.
From then on, Isumi starts going to the lady’s school here and there.
Your posture’s gotten a lot better.
Yeah. S-She said I shouldn’t slouch and y-yelled at me for it. I’m... I’m making an effort.
Sounds like a regular boot camp over there.
A lot of other things have caught her interest.
This book was s-so good! Lotsa people died!
Like reading books.
Haa... Gwahh... Haa...!
Or exercising.
Bleeaaacchh! Blaaaargh!
Or singing.
What she has come to like the most is listening to the radio.
She always has headphones on and seems to constantly be listening to one show or another.
Enjoying your show?
Y-Yeah, it’s really fun to get to... l-listen to a bunch of conversations. Don’t take money either.
She pulls off her cheap headphones and smiles.
I-I’m not too good at. At writing dialogue. So I’m... I’m listening to a lotta conversations. C-Collecting them.
T-This’ll help me write even better stories!
It’s only when she says it that I realize why she’s trying out all these different experiences—it’s all to improve her writing.
It really hits me in the feels.
In exchange for going to classes, Isumi said she’d help out around the house.
I g-got some rice from my teacher! I’ll... I’ll make tonight’s dinner!
She naturally took over the cooking.
It looks like her penmanship teacher has been teaching her a lot.
This bigger lady taught me that just dissolving curry roux into water makes it taste like curry. Frugal.
Wow, it really does taste like curry! This rules!
And bean sprouts from the supermarket over there are real cheap. Good nutrition. T-Tasty too.
She’s enjoying the world outside to the fullest.
Isumi, your cooking... is good.
T-Thanks! Eheh, eheh, eheh...
It makes me really happy to see, honestly.
La di da, la di da...
Oh, hello there.
......
TV is so... clear nowadays.
Shuichiro.
What’s up?
We got trouble.
Trouble.
Hello! Oh, how long it’s been!
The trouble.
Damn, that really is trouble.
For some reason, the nun—Julia Agatsuma—has come to visit our office.
My, what a nice place you’ve got here! It’s bigger than I thought! Oh, it looks like you can develop things other than games here... Ahaha, like a nice digital drug or two!
Really not the type of trouble to let in.
Veritably.
But, since she’s here, I reluctantly bring out the hospitality.
Some tea.
Thank you... Oh! Oh, this isn’t good at all! Haha, sorry, let me... Oh, it tastes awful! Ahaha, I’m sorry, dear, I just haven’t the tongue for cheap tea, you see.
I want to chase her out immediately, I think to myself.
So, dear Shuichiro, have you been doing well? Oh! Right, that isn’t your name anymore! Sorry, silly me, slipped my mind! Ahahah!
Real high spirits.
Yeah.
You were the girl Hazuki hated so much... Isumi Kurokane, was it? I’m glad to see you’re doing so well.
Taeka and Noah are luckily out, so we can talk with just the three of us.
How did you know we were here?
Well, you always wanted to go to Seiran Island, didn’t you? Knowing that, why, predicting your next move was as easy as they come, dear Shuichiro!
She really hasn’t changed.
If Taeka were here, I think to myself, she would have knocked Julia out the window.
Aren’t you supposed to be in prison?
I got released a while ago. Fortunately, you see, they judged me innocent.
But you’re a piece of shit drug-spreading criminal. How?
Well, I was in the detention center because of that old hag... Ah, do forgive me. The former warden, Mizushiro, I mean. It was her pulled strings that had me in.
With those strings slack and limp, well, I was able to let my copious outside assets do the talking. I am the scion of Minai Pharmaceuticals, after all, ahaha!
A real villain.
Right?
Looks like she popped out since Warden Mizushiro lost power, then.
Oh, but this whole affair did have my family cut me off. They said I was simply too much to look after.
Veritably.
Got what you deserved.
Why, then, did she come all the way to us?
Now, I may have been cut off, but... there is one way to earn my parents’ forgiveness, you see.
There is?
That would be... finding a groom to be their son-in-law and calm down as a housewife.
......?!
Agatsuma is an old family with a bit of a conservative streak to it, you see... But if that’s the only way, I’m afraid I have no choice but to acquiesce.
Wow.
Of course, ahaha... that depends on if I can find someone... worthy.
Sounds like it.
You see, people do tell me often that I’m touched in the head... which means my husband will have to be just as insane, no?
Damn, sounds tough.
......
......
Ahahahaha!
How about marrying me?
Fuck no.
G-Get... away from him!
Goodness, there’s no need to be like that. We’re both insane—don’t you think we could make a nice little insane family together?
N-No! Shuichiro is... is ours!
Oh? Is that so?
Yeah.
For someone keeping him under such lock and key, this room is certainly lacking in the scent of passion. Are you not giving him any sex?
T-There’s, y’know, reasons.
Ahahaha! Claiming ownership when you won’t even let him stick it in? Oh, this poor man!
Ghh...!
Thus spoke the lord: love juice smooths both cunt and relationship alike.
That’s a god I can get behind.
W-Well... s-sex isn’t everything!
I-It’s not just physical... w-we’re connected with Shuichiro o-on a spiritual level!
It’s a connection s-so deep and beautiful, t-that no one can—
But is that any match for big boobs?
Eep...!
I asked if it’s any match for boobs!
My eardrums burst.
Eeps...
You like big boobs, don’t you?
I do.
Ahhhh!
She grabs my hand and makes me grasp her sizeable breast.
Let your desire run free. Focus on that palm of yours and feel as much as you can...
......!
Soft, isn’t it? Such a nice feeling, the kind you could lose yourself in. And wouldn’t it just be so much nicer to feel them naked?
And you can. These breasts are yours... and this woman is yours. You’re feeling it now, aren’t you? Those masculine instincts and that blood rushing downwards...
Oh, in the blink of an eye, your cock is rigid, stiff, tumescent—
Flaccid.
......
......
Ahahaha!
Looks like you’re just not doing it for me.
Just what in the world is the matter with you?
Whew...!
I reluctantly decide to explain the situation as thanks for her making me touch her breast.
Searching for a fetish and temporary erectile dysfunction? Goodness, me, it sounds like you’ve got a lot on your plate.
Y-Yeah, so how about you head for the d-door.
That I’m afraid I can’t do, not when the best way to shut my parents up is to balloon up and show them a grandkid or two.
Absolute villain.
Are you sure there’s absolutely nothing out there to make your penis twitch even in the slightest?
Actually, I almost got hard a moment ago.
Huh? Y-You did?!
It happened right before Isumi stepped in.
And what would that be?
This.
I point.
There’s a TV in front of me.
And on the TV is...
Tigers?
A scene of tigers mating, is it? A single male and four fe—oh!
As I thought, I’m erect.
I’m aroused by the scene of tigers mating in 4K.
This can only mean one thing.
It’s possible... I might be a furry.
Uh... huh?
She seems a little disgusted.
Well, getting aroused by animals isn’t terribly rare among the penitentiary’s perverts. We did have a prisoner in for raping at least a thousand goats, after all.
She immediately recovers.
And if you wish to copulate like animals, why, there’s no one better than Julia Agatsuma!
Oh, really?
If furry sex is what you want, then I’m your woman. Would you like me to put the ears on?
Ahaha! I’m sorry, was that a little too intense for you? Well, you know, it is a bit much for a virgin girl like you.
Urgh...!
I-I can do it!
Huh?
I-I can fuck!
Isumi vigorously strips off her panties.
C-Come at me! Fsshh!
I feel her overwhelming fighting spirit.
Allow me to keep watch from over here, then. With all my experience, I’m sure you’ll appreciate my coaching.
C-Coaching?
You do need it, don’t you? Isumi is a virgin, I hear, and one’s first sexual encounter hardly ever goes well.
R-Really...?
You’re worried too, are you not?
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t.
I-I don’t... I don’t need you! I-I can do this on my own!
I-I’m good at masturbating! Basically a semipro!
For real?
I-I’m... I’m super into it.
Really? Let’s have a look-see...
(END)
Gwaahh!
Sister Julia flips Isumi on her back.
The surface seems wet, but the insides of your pussy aren’t up to snuff. Masturbation and sex are different, you see, and poor Shuichiro won’t be able to enjoy a pussy this parched.
H-He won’t?
Oh, Shuichiro, dear—make sure you pay attention too, all right? See, this here is the clitoris...
Ah, I see.
Urgh... Nn, ahh...
The two of us stare down at Isumi’s genitalia.
It’ll hurt some girls if you up and touch it out of nowhere, so you want to gauge their reaction when you do. Now, when you open up the lips like this, you can see how red she is inside...
Whoa...!
This is the first vagina I’ve ever seen, and it’s hard to think of as a part of another human.
Oh, her lips have grown out too... even though you’re so young! But you like that, don’t you?
I like it a lot.
You heard him!
She really is excited, I think to myself.
But seeing how embarrassed Isumi looks, I get excited myself.
Urgh... i-it’s really embarrassing, y-you staring there like that...
Say where. Say your pussy.
Huh?
Say pussy.
Pussy...
Uguohh!
Saying pussy will arouse both of you—isn’t that right, Shuichiro, dear?
Isumi looks up at me with near-pleading eyes.
R-Really?
Being real... it does.
P-Pussy, pussy!
Cute.
Repeating it a bunch just has the opposite effect, dear.
She murmurs to herself as she strokes and runs her fingers over Isumi’s down-there.
Most definitely not a satisfactory wetness. I suppose we can’t expect much from a virgin, but I do think the screams if he jams it in now would be worth a laugh or two.
Funny screams?
Personally, I went ‘ghyahhhh!’ when I accidentally popped my hymen.
T-That bad?
Well, I wasn’t wet at all, but I felt like playing with my vibrator—jammed it right in, ahahaha!
Psycho.
Yeah.
The type of people to brainwash people with a digital drug really are cut from a different cloth, I think to myself.
But that’s something I have in common with dear Shuichiro here, isn’t it?
Veritably.
......!
I’m really shocked.
Let me show you, dear Isumi... Nn...
She brings Isumi’s finger into her own vagina.
See how hot it is? How sopping wet it is? Nnn...
Ah, y-yeah, it’s real hot... and kinda slimy...
This here is a pussy fully ready for a dick to pull into the station.
Gueh, a dreadful sight...
Excuse me? Why?
I don’t want Isumi to let out such an unseemly cry.
I want her to enjoy sex if possible. I want it to be pleasurable.
Isumi, do tell me, how do you normally masturbate?
I-I don’t have money, so... I use like, you know, free sites.
Coomhub’s pretty nice.
It is.
What else?
I-I also... t-think about Shuichiro...
......!
Ahaha! I see, which means you’ll probably get wet if you see some live-action sex like you’re used to.
This time, Julia opens her crotch wide and points her vagina to me.
L-Look at the size of...!
Ahaha! Real porn in the office for your viewing pleasure! If you see the guy you love having sex right in front of you, I bet you’ll get at least a little wet!
I... gweh...
Her vagina has a dull glint to it as if inviting my risen cock.
My pussy’s seen a lot of use, but look how clean it is. I only wear the finest silk panties, you see.
Low friction, huh?
Exactly! And pussies have a vintage to them, you know, that only grows better with use. Do have a taste.
Her passage doesn’t look as well-worn as it actually is.
With experience, my dear Shuichiro, you’ll get much better at working your way around a woman... Something that will make you better with Isumi here, and the other girls waiting for you.
......!
Gh... I thought I... m-managed to sneak into being the first...
If I get better, then sex with Isumi and the others won’t be painful.
In that case, getting lots of practice would be a good idea.
Don’t we need to do foreplay?
Let me ask you: do animals do foreplay?
They put their heads against butts.
That’s just for communicating safety, dears.
It wasn’t... foreplay...?
And here I t-thought it was them giving a rub-down...
Ahaha! You really are a bunch of fools, aren’t you?
I remember the animal mating I saw.
Animals don’t caress each other in sex... so in terms of fucking like the beasts of the field, dear Isumi, I’m a few steps ahead.
Gh...!
Gh, ghnnn!
Why don’t tigers mate in any position other than from behind?
Come, let us join together like the beasts of the wilds. This is, of course, what the Lord wants.
Especially with how fun it would be to mix it up.
Tail...
Oh, right. It’s because animals have tails.
Nmm... Nnn?
Since we’re being animals, I thought I’d give her a tail.
Ahaha! Ouch! Oh, Shuichiro, darling, wrong hole! That isn’t my pussy!
Ahaha, oh, that smarts! It smarts because it’s my anus!
Ahaha, that hurts! My butthole hurts! Wrong hole!
Ahaha, OUCH, hahaha!
I said it fucking hurts!
She hits me as hard as she can.
Ahaha! You can’t just go for the anus out of nowhere, you know? If your partner isn’t used to it, and I mean very used to it, you have to take time to open it up before you thrust in.
Seriously, what is going through your head?
Okay, so anal is out.
And here she said she’d coach my fucking.
You talked a big game and this is all you’ve got?
Seriously.
If you want to have anal sex that much, well, I’ll go ahead and clean out my asshole! Go fuck each other or something while you’re waiting, all right?!
Where’s the bathroom?! Do you have a bidet? You don’t mind if I give myself an enema there, right? Of course you don’t!
I’ve got to... wait?
L-Let’s do it while we wait! Fshh!
First blood c-chance!
But if I just go and do it, it might hurt Isumi.
Are you sure?
Y-Yeah. I’m sure. T-The first time always hurts, anyway.
T-That’s experience too... I spent... spent ten years in prison, so I don’t... don’t have any nice memories.
So I... I want to make a lot. W-With you.
Isumi...
Oh, you’ve already put it in? My, you should’ve waited!
Julia pops back in, completely wrecking the mood.
We’re about to... Don’t ruin the mood.
She has this, “aww, he yelled at me” look on her face.
This lady really is in the way, I think to myself.
Well... here goes.
B-Bring it... on...!
I bring my cock to her vagina.
Then, I thrust my hips forward.
Ghiaahh!
She let out a funny scream.
D-Did it break?
I... don’t think it did.
If I have to describe it, it was like sticking my hand into a swamp.
The tip of my dick is clamped around hard enough to hurt.
Haa, ahhh...
Isumi lets out a cry similar to a scream.
S-So this is what... a d-dick is like...
Does it hurt?
I-It hurts, but... i-it’s this weird, alien feeling...
Her insides feel tense, and I can feel with my dick that she isn’t wet.
Y-You can start moving. I-I’ll be fine...
But if it feels like it’ll hurt...
I-I’ll be fine! I-I’m... I’m just glad I get to... to feel you so much...
Isumi...
Ahaha... looks like we’re both not virgins anymore.
Isumi’s courage warms my heart.
Oh? Goodness me, is that blood I see? Do tell me, how does it feel to bust a hymen and have a virgin?
I feel bad. It looks painful.
Ahaha, you can’t worry about that!
I feel bad and I can’t cum.
Don’t worry, don’t worry! Biologically, she’ll get wet when you’re in. Just as long as you keep moving!
Haa, ahh...
All right, here we go!
Urgh!
Huh...? I feel something kind of... warm?
Excuse me?
I came.
That rustle just now. It made me cum.
That was my first ejaculation during sex.
......
......
Ahahahaha!
Sister Julia bursts out laughing.
T-Talk about a premature... W-Well, you know, it’s nothing to worry about! It is your first time... Aha, ahahaha!
Here, I definitely want to punch her out.
All right, now it’s my turn. Here we... go.
She turns her butt to me once again.
No explanation n-needed.
Huge.
Bigger is better, right? These hips are built for babymaking, so how about you put a nice one in me?
Dealing with what comes next sounds like a pain.
Type to pressure a guy into marriage, huh?
I’m not going to get pregnant through my ass, so go right ahead. Have at it like a beast!
Sounds nice.
It sure does!
I want to enjoy life as much as she does, I think to myself.
Feast your eyes: a former clergywoman’s butthole. I opened it up a bit while rubbing in the lube, so how about going ahead and ramming your cock in there?
Her anus is just a bit open, and I can’t really see her excretory organs.
It looks like genitalia from the outside.
It’s a bit late to ask, Isumi, but are you okay with this?
Y-Yeah! We’ve c-come this far, and it’s all. A l-learning experience.
Ahahaha!
In for a penny, in for a pound...!
And he’s going to be pounding me.
Isumi looks a little dissatisfied with this state of affairs.
I’m going to learn from her so I can make you feel good.
Shuichiro...
If this goes over well... let’s have sex again.
Oh...!
Can you hurry up, dear? The lube’ll dry up.
Isumi nods.
I grip my rod and bring the head to her anus.
Isumi... I’m heading in.
T-Take care, Shuichiro!
Then, I thrust my hips.
Ouuughh!
She barks.
Then, completely unlike before, my dick slides easily into her anus.
Uh-oh...
K-Keep at it! I know you can do it!
It goes in easily without stopping.
Before I know it, I’m in up to the base.
Ghhh! Nnn...!
She trembles.
I-It’s been a while since I’ve had it in the backdoor... God, you’re so thick...
She balls her hands into fists as I skewer her big ass.
H-How different does ass feel from pussy?
It’s kind of... hard to describe.
H-Hold on, lemme get some paper to take notes!
She’s fully entered research mode.
It’s different from a vagina. It’s really tight around the base, but loose later on.
Okay, got it... Anus is crazy tight on the front...
Sister Julia has a smirk on her face accenting her labored breaths.
Ahh, ahh... So, how are you liking the ass buffet, courtesy of a woman of the cloth?
W-Whoa... Your dick’s opening her butthole so much... I didn’t know it could... could stretch like that!
Mine can open even wider.
W-Wow, that’s our Shuichiro!
Can we focus on the ass at hand?
The inside of her anus has a different heat to it than Isumi’s vagina.
It’s deep too. Deep enough to feel like I’ll lose my cock in there.
I’m not even to the end of it.
It might feel... even more different if I started moving.
Oh! Give that a try, give that a try!
Here goes.
Ugguoohhh!
She twitches, arching her back.
Ah, nn... gweh... It’s... It’s been so long since I’ve had some backport fun, you see...
More! More!
One, two!
Guuhh-hoh!
She lets out a bestial cry with every thrust I make.
Ghk, uoh, oh, ohhh!
Anything else you curious about?
I-Is the sound, like, different?
Ough, guohh, nnnmmm!
Could you be a little quiet, ma’am?
Uuhnnn, uunnh!
I-It’s hard to get a good sketch.
Of course, mm, it is! Mmm, we’re moving!
Isumi’s eyes are glued to my dick and her anus.
Uh, um, so what does... what does it feel like to have a dick in your... in your butthole?
Good, mm, question... It’s different from the pussy like... Ohh, goodness, like taking a long poop...
Poop.
Like a, nnn, really big log coming out... then coming back in... Then coming out again!
It’s so... so frustrating and feels so good, nnn!
Oh.
I hear her gulp.
There’s a smile on Julia’s lips.
Aha... gotten excited now, haven’t you? Of course you have with how much he’s pumping...
Nn...!
The face of the one you love, twisted in pleasure... Oh, get used to this, dear.
Crap. She has control of the situation.
This was a trap from the start.
Nnn... S-Shuichiro...
Oh, be my guest! Start pleasuring yourself! You’re both learning here!
And I will guide you lost sheep as I have many others, showing you the lovemaking that brings blessings and joy to your partner...
Even knowing that it’s a trap, I can’t stop my hips.
Her ass just feels too good.
Urgh, ungh... Ahh, Shuichiro, dear, your cock just feels so good!
She starts strategically throwing compliments at me.
Ahh, you’re so good at this! Plowing me like a stallion... Nnnm! Oh, how could I live without this cock?!
She’s saying exactly what I want to hear.
More, mm, harder, deeper! Fuck me like I’m yours!
It’s like she’s dragging me deep down into a swamp.
Haa, ah, nn, mm...
Isumi is rubbing at herself with her fingers too.
I lose myself in my thrusts.
Ur, nn, ah, nnn, ohh, ahh...!
Isumi holds back as Julia howls.
I’m almost at my limit.
I can feel myself ready to burst.
Nnn, ah, oh, oh no, I’m going to... I’m going to cum...!
I hold back with the last of my will.
Nn, ahh, I’m cumming from my ass. I’m cumming from my ass pussyyyy!
At least until she cums.
Ah, mm, haa, aaahh...!
Just a little more.
I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I’m cummiiiiiing!
Just a bit more...
Ahhhhh!
She twitches.
At the same time, I cum.
I pour my slimy semen into her ass.
......!
The pleasure stops me from breathing.
Nnnn... Ahh.
Seems like she’s in the same boat.
She freezes for a while in an arched position until she finally comes back down.
Haa, haa... Oh, I just thought I would suffocate and die!
Even through labored breaths, she still wears that unnerving smile on her face.
Your first time, but you made me cum with my ass... That’s quite the cock you’ve got there.
She could probably tell I was about to ejaculate.
By whispering that she was about to cum herself, she pushed me into that last rush.
Though I do cum easily, ah... it’s just how I’m built. Why, I cum the second a cock dives into my pussy...
Then, she managed to get us cumming at the same time.
I may have been a puppet on her strings, but...
Ahh... Oh, God, it felt so wonderful to cum at the same time... Didn’t it, my dear Shuichiro?
...I can’t deny that I’m filled with an unspeakable satisfaction.
In all honesty, it felt... really, really good.
D-Did you have to go that far...?
I think this person is... particular.
I did exactly as Sister Julia wanted.
I’d seen her as someone I’d outplayed and outsmarted before, but it looks like I’ll have to rethink that.
Ahhhh! Cum is dripping out of my ass... Ahaha, feels like I’ll get pregnant from there...
This is the person people say I remind them of, I think to myself.
Should we name the baby Poopyro?
It’s a complicated feeling.
Still, I have, at bare minimum, experienced a woman.
Next up is... the real deal.
Sorry for the wait, Isumi.
Can you clean your dirty dick first?
I cleaned every inch of my ass. Your dick is fine.
I clean my dick in the sink.
Sorry for the wait, Isumi.
Shuichiro...
Now, it’s time for real sex.
This time, I’m going to make Isumi feel good.
Let me know if it hurts, okay?
I will, so... come.
I’ll start things off, then. Open Pussame!
She comes in from the side and slowly opens Isumi up with her fingers.
Let’s see, let’s see...
Ah, nn... Ah...
Isumi lets out a bit of a sultry cry.
Now, now, let’s not get cross—this is all for your pleasure, dears. You can let me work the field a little bit, can’t you? Since you’ve busted her hymen and all.
I’m not mad.
And I’m sure you know this, but a woman knows best where a woman feels best. I was more popular among my female believers, you know.
......
Mmm... Ah, there we go, you’re well and wet enough. Mmm... tastes about right too.
It has a taste?
It has a taste...
The semen is doing some good work too... He just might be able to get all the way in.
......?!
Our eyes meet.
Then, I thrust myself in all the way to the base.
Urgh, unnnh...
I’m in.
So easily too.
Does it hurt?
It... doesn’t. It feels k-kinda weird, but... way better than before?
I’m surprised.
Sister Julia was right.
Now’s where things really get started... Time to get pumping!
Oh, right.
With that, our sex starts again.
Now, you can’t just brute force beast pump like you did with me. Deep dicking is wonderful and all, but only once her cervix is ready.
Now, you’ve got to take a good look at your partner’s face...
I-Isumi...
Nn, mm, haa, ahh, Shu-Shuichiro...
There we go... This is where Isumi feels good, so you want to caress it gently, right here...
I thrust my hips like she tells me to.
Nnn, ah, i-it feels kind of weird there like something... s-something big’s happening...!
Oh, darling, something big IS happening—something that feels wonderful! You’re loving it, aren’t you?
The pain starts to fade more from Isumi’s face.
Now, our poor dear Shuichiro is going to get worn out if he’s giving all the pleasure... You’re going to have to pull your weight too, Isumi.
W-What...? Nn, what do I do...?
Why, it’s simple, of course—share how you feel! Tell him what you’re thinking, what you’re feeling... That’s all it’ll take to put a smile on his face and a spring in his hump!
She speaks gently as if guiding a kindergartener.
Nn, you’re... nnn, rubbing in my pussy so much...
There you go, there you go.
I-It feels really, really good... I like this d-dick. I like it p-pumping into me...
Wonderfully said, wonderfully said! Oh, it must feel so nice—so very, very nice.
Her whisperings have a strange power to them.
There you go. Plap-plap, plap-plap. Good thrusting, good humping... Your widdle pussy feelsh sho good, doesn’t it?
It has the power to move me.
A happy cock for a happy pussy. A wet pussy for a wet cock. Keep it up, you two!
I give everything to her words.
Ungh, love... Love... cock... I love s-sex...
More than anything, though.
I love... love... love you... love you...
Isumi saying that steals away my everything.
Nn...!
It’s not that easy to keep up a solid hip pace.
I’ve cum twice, but I feel like I’m hitting my limit already.
Oh? About to burst, are you? What do you think, Isumi, dear?
Haa, ah, unn, mm...
He’s about to cum, dear. He’s about to shoot you up with his cock milk.
Uh, haa, nn, ahh...
Isumi... what do you want him to do, dear?
She asks Isumi.
N-Not a repeat of... of last time... D-Deeper...
I-I want you to... t-to cum inside me... deep insiiiide...
And I wanna... I wanna cum together...
......!
I feel my dick swelling up.
You already know, don’t you? Where to find the switch that turns a woman on... and how to flip it.
Though it swells, I continue to resist.
You don’t just need power, but precision too... You can handle the rest, yes?
We already know.
Nn, ahh, your cock h-hitting me there, it feels... so good, I love it...
We already know how to pleasure each other.
Nnn, f-feels like... like my pussy’s starting to... I-It’s going to cum. I’m going t-to cummm...
The lesson taught us everything.
Ha, ahhh!
Ahh, S-Shuichiro, are you gonna cum? I-Is it time? You can... You can cum. Come on...
She speaks, watching my reactions.
I-I’ll cum t... Ahh, I feel it. I feel it coming. Do it, Shuichiro. Cum. B-Blast it...
She starts to beg.
Nn, ahh, l-let’s... let’s cum together. I want us to do it t-together... together...
Ahh, ahh, nnn, mmm, t-together, let’s cum, t-togeth... ah, ah...
Give me that... that cum... mmm...
Nn...!
Nnnnnnnmmmm!
She arches back.
Just like Sister Julia did when she came.
......!
I find myself frozen.
As deep inside her as I can get.
Gh, haa, ahh, nn...
Haa, haa... Haa...!
I’m finally able to breathe again a few seconds later.
Come now, the sex isn’t over yet. You’ve got to tell him how that creampie made you feel.
I-It feels... r-really hot, like, h-hot stuff came rushing into my pussy... So much...
I slowly pull my dick out.
Semen drips out from her depths.
Goodness, look at how much you came! Why, with seed this potent on the third shot, you’d get a girl pregnant no matter how many pills she took!
I’m surprised at how much there is, myself.
And how was it for you, Shuichiro, dear? Well, I could ask, but I think... This swamp speaks volumes.
Haa... It was... incredible.
I came inside her for the first time.
It’s hard to describe with words.
I-I kind of blacked out too... t-then felt really hot...
It’s like my body and mind just feel s-so... so warm and nice...
I’m... I’m the first... I’m your first, Shuichiro... I-I feel bad for sneaking ahead, but... I-I’m really happy. Eheh, eheheh, eheh...
She’s in the aftershocks of ecstasy, her eyes empty.
Ahaha, well, I’m glad to hear it. And I’m pleased pink I could help two youngsters learn how to make love.
There’s no question that our first time went well because of Julia.
Now, dear Isumi, do use this experience to have lots of wonderful sex with him in the future, all right?
......
Isumi looks up at her with beaming eyes.
T-Teacher?
You gotta be kidding.
You gotta be kidding, I think to myself.
Oh, I’ve got some spilling out of my butt... and I’m afraid my silk panties are covered in cock milk.
B-But when I actually talk to you, you’re basically like Shuichiro...
......
I’m very hurt.
But, well, when I think of how my ass pussy helped you orgasm, Isumi... I suppose it was all God’s plan.
She’s so... cool...!
......
This is definitely how she’s deceived people until now, I think to myself.
(END)
