Thanks to Noah’s efforts, we’re able to keep the company afloat.
Expenses are still surprisingly high, though, and we’re always emptying our savings.
Hey man, brought you the staff lunch from the restaurant. Eat up.
Om, nom, nom, nom!
Made enough for the whole squad—you’d better not eat theirs, man!
Sometimes, when funds are low, Ozawa brings in the staff meals he makes at work to keep us going.
What do you normally eat, anyway?
White rice and soybeans we got gifted.
Since Ozawa is training at a small restaurant, the food he brings over is always good.
We’re... just about out of money to eat with.
Ya look confident for a guy on the brink of starvation. Got an out planned or somethin’?
No, but this kind of thing is fun in its own way.
No matter how bad things get, I know I can get through as long as I’ve got my friends.
But, like... fetishes? Sex attachment? You’re always worried about the weirdest things, man.
It’s a really pressing issue.
Listen, man. In life, you’re never gonna run outta troubles. That’s how this thing’s set up... and eat some goddamn salad too! Get some variety in your food, man!
Understanding the troubles of others is a difficult task.
Sometimes an issue can seem inscrutable or trivial to others while being a massive problem to the person in question.
Hey... How was he doing?
Neutral, I guess? Seems like he was still worried about a bunch.
The story may be over, but that doesn’t mean all the problems have been solved.
I... I see.
As long as I’m alive, I’ll keep on fighting.
Here ya go! If you’re gonna go fetish-hunting, you’re gonna need to keep your strength up: grated yams over rice! Eat up, Shuichiro!
This rocks.
That’s why my troubles aren’t going away, either.
Times like these call for a conversation with the person I trust the most.
Fetishes, huh? A pretty mischievous problem to have, if I do say so myself.
Dr. Higuchi talks to me with the same friendly tone as always.
After quitting her job at Tulip Prison, she came to Seiran Island with the rest of the Lale crew.
When they had no one or nowhere to turn to, it was she who brought them here.
The city center is pretty thriving, but the villages out by the forests are basically hamlets of old people. There’s always a need for doctors.
As of now, she operates a small clinic near a village.
It doesn’t look like you’ve got any lasting mental complications from losing Amatsu, either... It sounds like you’re going down a pretty good path.
Thank you.
She’s been very active about house visits too and is very well-regarded.
She ended up where I said she would, coincidentally.
The plan we talked about before is going to take a lot of money, so I’ve been sending installments of twenty-five hundred yen. That’s more to soothe my conscience than anything, really.
Me, I think that’s pretty good. There’ll be no point if you end up completely crushed by guilt, so I think easing your mind by doing that is what’s important here.
I know. I’m doing this because I think it’s what’s necessary.
You... really have grown up, Shuichiro.
Come to think of it, what happened to Sonya? I haven’t seen her around lately.
Nowadays, she stops by the office regularly to have counseling sessions with me.
Oh, she’s feeling better, huh? That’s great to hear. Depression, you know, it can happen to anyone.
She doesn’t charge, but I want to make it up to her someday.
Hey, Dr. Higuchi.
What’s up?
I’m glad I got to see you again.
......
Even a sorry adult like me? One who sees problems and pretends they’re not there?
When I first saw Dr. Higuchi again outside of the prison, she looked a little haggard.
Oh my god, Shuichiro, you’re... You’re alive? I’m... I’m so glad, I could see you again...
I want you to... let me keep counseling you until you finally know peace. I think that’s my life’s work.
Of course.
How could I not? You’re the second person who saved my life.
Pff, look at you, dropping that with the most serious face! You’re gonna make me blush, you little runt!
I love it when she gives me a noogie like this.
No matter what happens, Dr. Higuchi will always be one of my favorite people.
But, let’s be real. Is sex... Er, no, I mean, fetishes. Are fetishes really something you can go looking for and find?
What do you mean?
Well, people grow with experience, right? So as you learn and grow, you have sex... I mean, er, pick up fetishes.
I figure they come from, you know, past experiences or your daily life... direct stuff like that.
Past experiences, huh?
It sounded solid. I do have a fetish for exhibitionism and that is based on past experiences.
Perhaps, then, if I took another look at myself and my past, I might be able to find a new fetish.
Dr. Higuchi, you always know what to say.
......
She has a strangely empty look in her eyes like she’s staring into space.
Sex...
Fetishes...
......
Wow, this place sure is somewhere, huh?
Sex, sex, sex as far as the eye can see... Just an incredible gap from what I’m used to.
Oh, god, there, there! L-Little higher... God, right there! Yes, yes, right there! Cock, pussy, ahhhhh!
Doe, my dick, my big fat dick! Ray, a drop of golden cum! Me, a name I call... what I’m gonna put in your pussy! Get pregnant, bitch!
Everyone here takes the pill, so I don’t think anyone’s getting pregnant...
Place your cock into my mouth. Should it be a cock of truth, it shall find swift release. Should it be a cock of falsehood, however, it shall be released. Come test your mettle.
Nnnmmmshhhllllpppppp!
Oh, huh, there’s a lot of folks here my age.
There are stats to show women get more lustful around their thirties, so it does make sense...
Ahh, shit, all aboard the Cum Express leaving Goon Station, next stop Pussyville! I always cum on time, babyyyyy!
Oh, baby, watch your step when you get offfff!
......
I can’t believe you’d get excited rubbing your balls on the neck of a girl this small, you sick little puppy!
Goddamn bratiosaurus...!
......
Dr. Higuchi.
Y-Yes?
She twitches, surprised.
S-Sorry, I was spacing out a little. What did you need?
I was saying I was thinking of looking for fetishes in my own past.
The most influential part of my past was probably my home life.
Oh, right. Your household was on the neglectful side, right?
Yeah. My parents didn’t pay me much mind.
And everyone I’ve fallen for—Hanamaru, Isumi, Noah, Taeka, and you, they’ve all been older than me.
Huh? Me?
So, it makes me wonder. I’m probably looking for someone to mother me.
Wait, wait, hold up, hold up.
Dr. Higuchi holds up a hand to stop me.
Shuichiro, you’d fallen for me? Like, in that way?
Yeah, and I still love you.
And you’re sure you don’t mean like as a big sister or in a platonic way?
I do not.
Oh. I see.
I think you’ve been my secondmost beloved ever since I got put in prison.
Number two, huh?
I feel like I’ve always said I liked you.
Here and there, but I thought you meant, you know, like as a sister.
The girls at Lale are number one. I’m obligated to make them happy. I still really love you, though.
Er. So, do you mean you’re at the level where, let’s say, hypothetically...
I do want you to be happy.
If I asked you to have sex, you’d—
I’d do it.
Whoa.
But I probably only feel that way because I’m seeking maternity.
I might be looking for a... replacement mother in the other three.
But I think there’s... something wrong about that. That it isn’t good.
......
It would be nice if liking older women was just a fetish with no more to it, though.
Haa... mm... hmm...
Dr. Higuchi?
Hmm... Yeah, this is kind of a bind, this right here.
She puts her head to her hand and seems to be really thinking.
Ahh, why am I like this...? I mean, God, I’m so wet right now...
Have I just worked up more of a sexual appetite? I mean, I am on Sex Island. That’s gotta have some... And then there’s the age problem... Hmm...
Her face grows gradually redder.
No! Bad Eriko, stupid Eriko! He’s so much younger, you know, there’s the ethics to consider, and I |am| a doctor...
I mean, that’s a line I just can’t cross, right...?
If I went and... got involved with a patient like that...
But... But what if it was... counseling...?
I mean, if it was treatment, no one would bat an eye, right...?
Her breath takes on a warm, husky feel.
Shuichiro, do you want an answer? Do you want to know if you’re after someone to mother you or if you just like older women?
I really, really want to know.
In that case... can you keep what we’re about to do a secret?
I can.
I hear her gulp.
W-Well, w-well, well, i-in that case...
Let’s... Let’s do it. Have sex.
And so, I end up having sex with Dr. Higuchi.
Can... we?
Let me handle it. My mother was all I had growing up, so I know what it’s like to be babied by one. Oh, this is just counseling, of course!
Ahem.
She clears her throat and stands up.
Dr. Higuchi gives off an oddly practical air as she prepares for sex.
I don’t need to take off my stockings, do I? I’m afraid I don’t have too much confidence in these legs of mine.
What do I do to get in, then?
Just rip ’em like this.
......!
She tears the stockings off her crotch without hesitation.
Don’t worry, I’ve got spares—and I just need to slide my panties to the side, like so. See?
She leans forward and tugs her underwear to the side.
All right, that takes care of my crotch. Let me grab my lab c—
You can keep it off!
Oh, yeah...?
Can’t let this rare sprite get away.
Yeah...?
In that case, you want my chest out? Let me take off my bra and... get to where you can get a good view. Should be...
(END)
Like this? How about it?
I sit up in a chair while she sits on my lap, facing me.
Damn, I didn’t think I’d be |this| wet... It’s kind of embarrassing. Hey, I’m not too heavy, am I?
Light as a feather, really.
The space between her legs I peeked at under her desk that one time is now right in front of my crotch.
This is exactly what I wanted to see back then.
That’s how alluring it is—I haven’t let the memory go.
This is strange.
I find this really hot, but I’m not erect. That... Doesn’t make sense.
My cock remains slumped over, impotent.
Don’t worry about it—that’s what we’re testing out now, isn’t it?
She narrows her catlike eyes and gently reassures me.
Dr. Higuchi is always so soothing, even during sex.
Though my breasts aren’t too big, so I guess it’d be hard to nurse you with them.
No. They’re amazing.
Oh yeah? Hm. Well, how about you go give them a touch?
Can I?
Of course you can. I’m your mother now, remember?
Her breasts are really small.
I put my hand to one and it fits cleanly into my palm.
Dr. Higuchi, you smell... really good.
I don’t wear perfume, so... it might be the fabric softener?
I think you... smell the same as my sister.
Your sister, huh? How old was she, again?
A good bit older than me, so I think... twenty-six, about.
Six years younger than me, huh? That hits kind of hard...
She sounds disappointed for some reason.
She then raises her head, and I see a thin smile on her face.
Nice little fact about body scent. People you’re compatible with will smell good. You know that?
I had no idea.
Then as punishment, I’m going to give you a nice squeeze!
It would be hard to hug me from her current position, so she brings her face in closer.
Mmm... You know, you smell pretty good to me too.
Probably means we’re perfect for each other.
......!
I find myself stroking her breasts harder.
Mm...! You like them?
They’re really soft... and they fit really nicely into my hand.
Mmm, I... nn, hear they’re well-shaped a lot...
Your nipples have gotten hard.
Oh, have they?
Period?
Oh, where’d you pick up that factoid? And I’ll have you know they don’t only get hard when your breasts are swelling.
Her nipples have a very light color to them.
They brush up against my hand when I squeeze her breasts and feel really nice.
You’re still holding back, and you really don’t need to. C’mon, come at me with more hunger than that.
H-Hunger.
Mother!
Pff, you’re sounding stiff.
And I wish my dick was actually stiff.
Oh, huh, you’re right. Looks like the mothering isn’t hardening you up.
She starts to gently caress me.
Hey, you don’t have to actually think of me as your real mother, you know?
She skates her finger in a curving line down my chest.
Think of the relationship you wanted with your mom. Try, you know, imagining you’re a baby and hugging up on me.
......!
Hearing that, I feel like I grasp everything.
Mommy!
Oh, my! That’s right, mommy’s here.
My young, beautiful, glamorous mommy.
Yeah, I had you fresh out of high school. People always notice how young I was on parent-teacher days.
The woman in front of me is my mother.
Thinking that makes me feel a right of ownership bubble up—ownership of her breasts.
Nmm... Oh, my, my, you like boobs that much?
I love them.
Then enjoy them as much as you want. Here, get your head in between them like this... puff-puff!
Ehyahhyah.
Aww, what a cute little laugh! Good boy, good boy!
Wahhh.
Ahaha, what a big baby. The doctor’s gonna have to—
Not ‘doctor!’
......
You’re not a doctor right now. You’re... mommy.
......
I... don’t want to be taken out of it.
S-Sorry...
Sorry, honey, mommy went and misspoke. Enjoy my boobs to make up for it?
Goo-goo, ga-ga!
Right now, I’m a baby.
Being her baby, I have the natural right to suck her breasts.
Nnn... Oh, goodness, you want to breastfeed? I’m sorry, though—I don’t have any milk for you.
I’ll do it anyway. This is my natural right.
Come, now, babies can’t talk!
Goo!
Okay, give my boobies a kissy-wissy... Mm, ah... You’re so good at kissing, so good at kissy-wissy...
She pushes her chest on me to make it easier to suck.
Aww, you weally like it, don’t you? It’s sho good, isn’t it?
Shpp, shhp...
Satisfying those oral desires weally lowers stress, huh?
I goo-goo-gan’t understand your big words.
Oh, right, you are a widdle baby, and widdle babies don’t need to know anything... They’re fine just the way they are...
I rub my cheek against her breast. It’s so smooth and nice.
Haa... Nn, feels good, doesn’t it? Yes, it does, yes it does...
It feels like I’m being gently embraced by something large, warm, and alive.
Nnn, mm... Hm. Still absolutely no change in penile stiffness, huh? I guess I’m not too—hyah?!
Aaagghhh! My hips!
It looks like the awkward position she’s been in is hurting her hips.
Are you goo-good?
Ahh, I’m... I’m fine, I’m fine, but... Yeesh, this position’s a little rough! Mommy hurt her hips back in her school days, so she can’t stay like this too long.
Would you like me to hold you steady?
Hn?!
We both turn to see a surprising guest.
I’m pretty strong, so I think I can be of use to your lewd sex.
It’s Commander Ohtabe, standing there with her usual blank expression.
What brought you back to Seiran Island?
Ms. Hazuki—Warden Yugao forgot to buy souvenirs for the rest of the SST, and there’s a lot of paperwork to get to the island if you’re not from here. Oh, and the door was unlocked.
You’re pretty good at babyplay.
Convenient timing, apparently.
Is that right? I’m just doing what I’d want someone to—er, never mind...
Coincidences sure are something, I think to myself.
Minato, you... look about ready to put it in.
......?
I notice that my cock is soaring hard.
It’s as erect as can be in front of Dr. Higuchi’s exposed vagina.
It looks like your pussy is really wet too. You really put in the effort in that foreplay, huh?
I was wet to begin with, but... you’re right. When’d it get this hard? It was so flaccid just a while ago.
I wasn’t really conscious of it, myself.
Before I knew it, I was hard. Painfully so.
I think I got erect... when Commander Ohtabe showed up.
Say, Natsumi, would you mind watching over our babyplay? You’re picking up on a lot, and I do want an outside opinion.
Got it.
That was easier than I thought.
Maybe she wanted to watch.
I did grow up on Seiran Island, so... I’m used to watching my friends and acquaintances fuck.
Besides. You’ve helped me a lot, and I want to pay you back a little more.
She has such a reassuring smile on.
Oh, just so you know, this is all for treatment! I’m absolutely not just horny because I haven’t had sex in years, all right?
I’m here to help either way. Here, let me hold you up.
I can put it in now.
My eyes meet with Dr. Higuchi’s.
Well, then... I guess it’s time to get that penis in, huh?
Dr. Higuchi, I think it would be more erotic to call it a dick.
Huh? Ah, all right. How about you get that dick in my pussy, then?
She brings her hips up ever-so-slightly.
As if inviting me in.
I bring my dick and—
Minato, you have to say ‘I’m home.’
Huh?
Dr. Higuchi is your mommy now, right?
So if you’re going back into her vagina, you’ve got to say ‘I’m home.’
......
You make a strong point.
That’s simply... how babyplay works.
Oh? Huh?
Mommy... I’m home.
W-Welcome back.
I feel a heat I’ve never experienced before.
Ur, it’s... It’s in...
She’s wet and sticky inside.
My dick gets in easy. There’s almost no resistance.
Holy shit, it’s... been so long...
There’s a lot of space in her vagina.
At the same time, though, it feels like it’s tirelessly gripping me and wrapping around my cock.
Ahhh... I’ve gone and done it. I’m having sex with a patient... and I told myself I wouldn’t too...
She has on a strained smile.
Now this is no good...
Mischievous, you’d say?
Yeah, mischievous sex.
Mischievous sex.
Mischievous sex it is, then.
Ahaha. So, how’s Dr. Higuchi’s pussy? Nice?
It’s incredibly... incredible.
Aww, I’m gwad to hear... Damn, though, I thought it would hurt because it’s been so long, but I’m totally fine.
The body is a miracle.
Babies can’t talk, remember? Now, sit back and let mommy plap-plap on you, let her make you feel even better...
She brings her hips up high.
Nn, haa, mmm... such a big dick for a widdle baby... It’s coming in so deep...
She brings them down, then repeats again.
Since you’re... nn, mm, a baby right now... Let mommy clean you all up.
Her light body moves with rhythm and energy.
Nnn, mm... think I can... nn, go a little faster...?
When she pulls up and out, I realize just how heated the inside of her passage is.
Every part of Dr. Higuchi—no, mommy—that I touch is blazing hot.
Your hip movements have quite the skill to them. Are you a veteran of the field, Dr. Higuchi?
Nothing compared to you, but... nn, when I had a boyfriend, we did it a lot...
And when I was younger, mmm... I did masturbate quite a bit, haa...
Commander Ohtabe holds her up from behind peers at our connection.
How would you describe Minato’s dick?
It’s amazing, ahh... The perfect, mm, thickness, and the head’s nice and wide... Haa, it’s really grinding at my insides so, so nice...
Goo-ga!
That does always feel good. Really hits the womb.
Y-Yeah... Haa, it feels like he keeps... mmm, hitting me there...
I see. It does just hurt if it’s too big, so it sounds like his dick is a perfect fit.
Y-Yeah... nnn, we really do, haa, seem... compatible.
Her grip around me strengthens ever-so-slightly.
Well, it’s just... mmm, you know, this position is insane... T-The place he’s hitting, it’s crazy...
Whenever she passes over a certain part, she always slows down.
While it feels great, it also feels frustrating.
Oh, s-sorry, sorry... didn’t like that too much? Sorry, mommy just didn’t notice...
Guh-goo—
You want me to be faster, don’t you? Don’t you worry, mommy’ll do her best...
Bah, bah!
I shake my head.
It doesn’t get through. She immediately starts to bounce faster and faster on me.
Hah, ah, nn, l-like this, yeah? Natsumi, h-hold on tight...
Understood. Get ready, Minato. She’s going to get even faster.
......!
She shakes her whole body with her hips, her breathing growing labored.
Ah, ha, nn, ah, haaa...!
Mommy said this was her first sex in years.
I know she’s going out of her way for me, but I don’t want her to push herself too hard.
It’s all for you.
Yet she smiles at me with such a merciful look, sweat decorating her face.
You worked so... mm, hard for everyone, so you’ve got to learn how to indulge more... Mm, how to be babied...
It’s an accepting mercy, one that forgives everything.
So just let your dick... mm, feel as good as it wants...
Wahhh!
Her face is truly that of a mother’s.
Right now, both my heart and hammer are in a warm embrace.
Haa, ah, nn, ah, nnn...!
The sound of flesh smashing on flesh rings throughout the room.
I find myself sucking at the breasts wildly bouncing before me.
Ahh, nn, not so hard on the... nipples...!
Goo!
Oh, baby, you want to suck them so bad? Okay, just for you...
There we go... Whew. Pretty hard to keep her up so her boobs can get sucked while she’s moving.
They don’t taste like anything, but they taste incredible.
Nnn, aww, do they taste good? There, there, drinky, drinky...
Every time I roll her nipples in my mouth, she shudders hard.
Good boy, good boy, good... nnn, boy...
I feel mommy with my everything.
I don’t want to pull away from her.
I just want to cum like this.
Yeah? Nn, then... mm, where do you want to let it out?
Goo-goo-gah!
In mommy’s pussy? But, mmm, it’s not mommy’s safe day today.
How are they... communicating...?
This is a day that mommy’s able to get pregnant.
If you bust deep in me... nn, mommy just might end up a real mommy... Nnn...!
Goo-gah! Babubwah!
Still, I don’t want out. I can’t even think of it.
Aha, nnn... You got me... I’ve been taking the pill ever since, haa, I moved to this island...
With a mischievous smile, she holds me gently.
So go ahead... Mm, l-let it out inside me...
Right as she gives me permission.
Gn...!
I blast her pussy white.
It feels like it’s being siphoned out of me.
Nn, nnm, you’re cumming so well... I can really, nn, feel it twitching down there...
I can feel it shooting up in spurts, myself.
Is this your first time taking a load inside?
Yeah, I... Nn, I am a doctor. I would always have him... haa, wear a condom... This is my first time raw...
Sounds like you were awfully responsible.
Oh, God, it’s still throbbing... Ahaha, you know, this will probably really... hahh, leave me knocked up...
Semen leaks out from her vagina and falls back onto my thighs.
Cumming that much simply goes to show how good the sex felt.
The woman who made me feel that good is leaning on me, exhausted.
Haa... Whew! All the fatigue just hit me all at once... R-Really makes me feel my age...
Goo-gah!
Haa... Okay, the baby business is over... You can talk now.
Are you okay?
Don’t worry, I’m fine. Totally fine... It’s just been so long that it... It was really hard to get through...
You didn’t make it look hard.
Yeah, because I did everything I could to make it look easy. I wanted you to lean on me and be babied by me...
......!
Dr. Higuchi is always so kind to me.
Natsumi... I pulled that off better than you’d think, right? For my first rodeo in a while, that is.
Those hips could make it on Seiran Island.
She’s kind—but who is there to be kind to |her?
It... felt really, really good.
Did it? Well, looks like all that effort was worth it, then.
But I... I want you to feel good too, Dr. Higuchi.
My dick is still stiff inside her.
I hug her and hold her to me. Her pleasant scent tickles my nose.
Huh? W-Wait, right now I’m... nnn...!
This position allows me to move myself.
Haa, w-wait, I... Mm, w-wait...!
Though surprised, she lets out sweetened moans.
Nn, ah, don’t... haa, worry, no need to... nn, feel like you need to repay...
No, Dr. Higuchi, this is just... haa, what I want to do...!
My cock hardens up even more, wanting to hear more moans.
I make sure to go for the spot she said she liked.
Ah, r-right there, you... Oh, god, why does it feel so good...?
Ah, nnn, your thrusting’s so good I... Nmmm, I can’t think straight...
Ah, ah, is this... really okay? I-Is it...?
She asks no one in particular, seeming confused.
Why not, right?
Commander Ohtabe answers her.
We’re working adults. We deserve to let loose every once in a while.
But I pump in so hard that I can’t even hear her.
Dr. Higuchi starts to sweat, mixing in with her nice scent.
Ghh, nn, is this really okay...? Nmm, yeah, yeah, there’s no way it... nn, can’t be...
Her eyes take a color of arousal.
Ahhh... then, then, nnn, then...
Then, she hugs me back. Tight.
Da... Daddy...
Hn...?
Ah, nn, ahh, haa... Oh, Daddy...
......?!
I thought someone had shown up. Intruded.
I look behind me. No one’s there.
Uhnn, ahh, nnn... nnnaa!
She lets out a moan so lewd it’s like she’s a different person.
It’s like whatever was weighing her down and restraining her has been broken off.
Oh, I... I see it now.
D-Do... Whew, do you know what this is, Commander Ohtabe?
It’s not a very common fetish, but I have heard of it.
Haa, mm, Daddy, oh, God, it feels so good... Nn, ahh, nnn...!
One where the woman projects her father onto her lewd sex partner, making herself like a child wanting to be babied...
Daughter-daddy play.
Daughter-daddy play...
The complete opposite of what you were just doing.
While not having grown up on Seiran Island, Dr. Higuchi’s mommy play had me gaa-gaa to the highest order.
And I remember something she mentioned long ago.
That her boyfriends had always been turned off by her fetish.
Daddy... Ahh, dah-dah...
Being a doctor is a very stressful job. She probably wants to go back to being a baby sometimes.
......!
In that case, it all makes sense.
But, Dr—
Not doctor!
......
I’m not a doctor right now. I’m... your baby.
......
I don’t want to be taken out of it.
S-Sorry...
Eriko.
Mmm, mmm?
Eriko.
Haa, ahh... dah-dah... Mm, nn...
This does make it all make sense.
But Dr. Higuchi mentioned not having a father.
So why the daddy attachment?
That’s probably exactly why, right? She didn’t have a father... so she wants that paternal touch. Same as you.
......
From the same rough place.
I was hungry for a mother figure because my mother never paid attention to me.
I wanted, probably, an all-forgiving presence to love and take care of me.
Nnn, mm, dah-dah... dah-dah...
And Dr. Higuchi... is the same.
That’s me. I’m daddy.
I want to meet that need.
Daddy’s here, Eri-Eri.
So I become her daddy.
Dah-dah, dah-dah...!
Right then.
Nnn?!
Her pussy clamps me, hard.
Dah-dah... Haa, ahh, ahh, dah-dah...!
It’s an unbelievable tightness.
Nn...!
I’d just cum, but it feels like I’m going to be drained again.
More, more, ahh... Eri-Eri wants it! Eri-Eri wants it...
She gets sweet on me like a real baby.
Like one? No, right now, she is one.
Ah...! Eri-Eri, Eri-Eri...!
Ahh, nn, nmm!
Aww, what a cute smile!
Nnnnn!
There, there, good girl, good girl...!
Ahhh, love that, love thaaat...!
I won’t last long. I can’t stop moving my hips.
Ahh... I held back for so long, but h-here it comes...!
Eri-Eri rubs up on me as she wraps me in her thin arms.
Comes? W-What’s coming?
Eri-Eri’s a widdle baby, so she doesn’t knowww...!
It’s like she’s holding me to her, desperately, so that I don’t escape.
Her pussy clamps just as much.
I’m the daddy. I know she’s about to cum.
Go ahead, let it happen...!
C-Can I, dah-dah... Can I cum with y-your dick?
She desperately asks permission.
This is probably from all the stress she feels in her work life.
In that case, I want to accept everything about her.
Of course, you can...!
No, that’s not quite right.
For you, Eri-Eri, I’d do anything...!
If there’s something that’s needed to make his daughter happy...
Then, nn, here goes, h-here goes...
Haa, haa, do it, Eri-Eri...!
...then doing it is a daddy’s duty.
Go, Eri, go! Go, Eri, go!
Nnn, look at... Look at my pussy... Look at my pussy...!
I’m watching, Eri-Eri! I’ve got my eyes on your pussy, so don’t worry!
Nnn, I’m cumming, dah-dah, I’m cummiiing!
Go! Go! Go! Cum! Cum! Cum!
I’m cummiiiiiing!
Nnnnnnnn!
She gasps.
Gh...!
Seeing her climax, I allow myself a release too.
A flood of semen fills her pussy again.
Wow... It’s your second time and you shot out that much...?
Ah, haa, haa... ahhh, so, so hot...
She’s still shaking as more semen pours into her.
Haaa, ahhh...
Her honeyed breaths brush up on my face.
She smells kind of sweet like my sister.
But I’m not a brother now. I’m daddy.
Good job, Eri-Eri. Good job.
So I give those words to my beloved daughter.
It felt... real good, dah-dah...
She whispers, sounding half-conscious yet oozing with joy.
(END)
Whew! That really took it outta me!
That’s the first thing she says after getting her clothes back on.
No beatin’ the passions of the youth—really made me feel how much I’m getting on in years!
Dr. Higuchi.
Ah, sorry, sorry, didn’t mean to wreck the mood.
I’m still. Well.
Whoa! You’re hard as a rock!
I’ve got... three more in me.
Ahah, I don’t think my hips could take three more!
Minato, can you sit here?
I sit down, and Commander Ohtabe crouches down in front of me.
Mm... slllrp, mwah... slllrrrp!
......?!
I splurt before I even know what’s going on.
Mwah... mm... Is that enough to tide you over for the day?
Y-Yeah.
Commander Ohtabe gave me the best blowjob I’ve ever had in terms of raw pleasure.
She really is from Seiran Island, huh?
Mmm... Man, I really didn’t go easy on the moans. My throat’s killing me...
In any case, sex with Dr. Higuchi was a really exciting time.
Though, what’s it say about me that I moaned so much on top of such a younger guy...?
I had no idea such a straight arrow of a doctor had that kind of side to her.
So, Dr. Higuchi, the strange fetish you were talking about, did you mean...
The last half of all that? You didn’t see a thing. Not a thing. Right?
Right.
Natsumi?
Oh! Me neither.
She was scarier than Ms. Hazuki just now...
Dr. Higuchi exudes an aura of absolute authority. A rarity.
Ah, damn it, I totally lost myself back there... That’s precisely why I swore to never fuck a patient!
She’s more down than I’ve ever seen her.
If she wants me to keep quiet about it, I’m more than willing to oblige.
No matter what fetish you’ve got, Dr. Higuchi... I’ll always respect you.
......
You’re annoyingly cute, you know that?
C’mere, you! God, if only you were born ten years earlier... Wait, that’s off-mark. We would’ve never met, then. Hm.
I’m glad that I got to see so many sides of Dr. Higuchi.
But, putting all that aside.
So, about your attachment to maternity... Natsumi?
What was it that aroused me? What fetish do I have?
I’m not a professional therapist—I wanted to be one, though—but as a former resident of Seiran Island, I’ll say that...
I... don’t think you’re seeking someone to mother you, Minato.
She points to my crotch.
People with real maternity kinks get hard the second they start nursing on breasts.
Like, a raging boner?
And you’d have gone flaccid when Dr. Higuchi started wanting you to baby—
A|hem|.
Ahem. So, I think you’re probably fine. You’re not seeking motherhood in your partners.
Raging... boner...
That’s pretty good news for me.
I didn’t want to be projecting my mother onto all of them in the bedroom.
However, this brings me back to the drawing board.
Do I even... have a fetish?
So, let’s put things in order. Your first erection was when you saw tigers mating. It was one male with multiple females.
The next one was at school. That involved you, Taeka, and Hazuki.
Next up was Noah and Sonya. Again, two people in front of you, naked this time.
Then, last... Natsumi and myself. Two again.
There’s only one fetish all of these lead to.
That means, Shuichiro, that what you’re into is...
Harems, apparently.
......
......
......
I finally found my fetish, the one that isn’t exhibitionism.
Being attended to by multiple women. In other words, a harem.
Harems, huh? Not the most shocking reveal.
P-Pretty logical conclusion.
I mean, is there anyone who |doesn’t| like a good harem?
I thought they’d all be angry, but they aren’t at all.
They all seem to simply accept it. See it as normal.
......
Why is that? I think to myself.
Shuichiro, come on. The four of us are all in the same boat. Not a one of us could walk out if we wanted to.
Y-Yeah, so we should just enjoy sharing our lives.
What we’re sayin’ is, we’ve been ready for this conclusion for a good, long time.
And this is pretty convenient, right? Game story-wise?
I had thought that I was obligated to make them all happy.
Yeah, we do have the Grand Route as a harem.
But I wasn’t the only one thinking that.
S-Sweet, I get to write from experience! Eheh!
Everyone was thinking it about everyone else.
I want you all to live with me.
All I need to do is show them I’m willing to go as far as they are.
When everything’s settled, I want us...
...to make our harem here.
Because that’s what we all want.
How much time has passed since then? A lot, I’m sure.
We fucked. A lot. We kept fucking.
Ah, nn, ahh, nmm!
Morning, noon, and night.
Time? Fuck time, it’s fuck time.
Nnn... It’s been, what, about a month? Can’t believe we’ve been going at it like animals the whole time.
We don’t have any money or food. It’s not like there’s anything else to do.
The office became the fuck room the three always intended.
H-Having too much sex m-makes your hips and crotch hurt... Gotta put that in the story...!
Everything we discover, we put into the game.
......!
Nnn, w-wait, h-hold off while I’m writing at least!
I’m surprised your dick’s still intact.
Taekaaa, take over!
We put all of the feedback from the sex into the game.
Hell yeah!
We make new assets over time and roll out updates.
So you want to turn your left leg right, arm to hips, and head under his crotch like this. Then, you want to move your crotch, like, diagonally to the right, then bottom out the dick like...
Turn my leg riiiigh-oouch! What the hell kind of position is this?!
We spare no efforts in developing new sexual positions.
The static nature of a screen’s aspect ratio tends to make sex scene visuals turn out samey, so we test a bunch of alternative possibilities.
Why does Taeka get all the fun positions?
Because she’s the hardiest here.
’Scuse me?
Above it all, we’re enjoying our harem life.
All right, Shuichiro, try this position on for size. Think you can keep that smile on?
Ahhhh! My left leg!
Whoa, the Yujiro Hanma leg position.
T-That’s peak masochistic mounting.
Now this is a nice view if I’ve ever seen one. Really gets the heart racing. Hell, this feels just like that time I blasted the Hachiman Clan’s office with a rocket launcher!
My left leg!!!
H-How’d you even get your leg like that?
Whew... Tits really start to hurt when they’re sucked on too much, huh? Like, my nipples are kinda swollen.
We’re leading decadent, hedonistic lives.
I-It’s weird. When I get my clit and asshole teased at the same time, o-only my ass starts to feel good. Wait... what’s that sound?
Really, to the normal mind, this is the first step towards destruction.
It’s a reminder. I set an alarm for when my favorite streamer starts streaming.
But you never know what’ll happen in life.
Let’s see, today’s game is... Huh?!
With my miraculous escape from Tulip Prison, I know that better than anyone.
Shuichiro! Taeka! C’mere, c’mere!
Hm? What’s up, Noah?
My left leg! Agh, my right leg too!
We hurry to Noah’s computer.
The stream on the monitor is from Titsch, the site she mentioned a while back.
And the game the streamer is playing is... our game: Pervs and the City.
W-Wait, why? Why now?
It looks like when Byodoin Suzaku brought it up on a stream, people started picking it up and streaming it like crazy!
Hinako said she wanted to help us with the game.
She came through in a way I hadn’t even imagined.
This streamer... Whoa, this one too?! All the famous streamers are booting it up!
Damn, this is... pretty huge, Shuichiro.
You can say that again.
Things get really busy, really fast.
Since all those streams made our game rocket up in popularity, our email gets blasted with all sorts of people who want to contact us.
Noah! We got another freeze report! I sent it over, so check it out!
Ah, we can roll out bugfixes with a minor patch, right? Let me just take out the variants and put the patch on the sales page and... Whoa, why’s the patch size so huge!?
We get dozens of emails a day, and our support account is almost full to bursting.
There’s some fuzz on this asset too... Goddammit, why didn’t I notice it back then?!
I now understand what it means to go viral.
S-So many typos... I-I wish someone told me earlier!
We don’t have any time to fuck.
I also learned that there’s all sorts of adults in the world out there.
I’ll cover you on our site, so could you draw us some exclusive promotional artwork? Oh, and we’ll sell it as merchandise, too—you don’t need a cut, right?
We’ll make character merch and cover all the costs, so give us the art assets and character references and sales rights! You’re fine with one percent royalties, right?
You seem promising, so I wouldn’t mind selling your game on our platform. The art, though—how about changing it all to something more... modern?
How about you let us remake your game. Here’s the budget—what? It’s too low? Come on, you’ve gotta dev cheap, sell steep! A grand should cover the royalties, right?
They see us as children and try to talk us around, thinking we’ll fall for their tricks.
You probably don’t understand, being children and all, but this is simply how the adult world works. Got it?
Fuck off.
It’s annoying, but that’s all it is.
Hand over all your IP rights, punks.
Some of them don’t even try to hide the fact that they want to take advantage of us.
You ain’t in the little leagues anymore, kids, and you’d better play nice or you’ll be talking to the big boys.
Knowing that we don’t have any social experience or people to back us up, we get the worst of vultures visiting us.
You know who I got backing me up? Jinbo, the Gijin Clan chief.
Yeah? Guy was like a little puppy in the joint. You shoulda seen the smile on his face while he was licking my boots.
Huh?
We have no choice but to fight.
Hell, hello! You’re making that game that’s real popular on the net, right? No idea what it’s about or what it’s like, but I’ll help you with the music, so fork over those sales rights.
Y—
Y—!
It wasn’t easy, but we managed to fend them off by working together.
Ultimately, since we couldn’t tell who was worth listening to, we turned everyone down.
On the other hand, our game is selling far more than before.
They say there’s a lot of money in indie games if your game goes viral, but...
The cash comes pouring in.
I didn’t think we’d make... this much.
Our account now sits at twenty-three million yen. Big money.
Not too much compared to the sums I’m used to handlin’, but... compared to connin’ people out of their money, this makes me feel real proud.
Y-Yeah! T-This money means p-people acknowledge us!
......
Looking at the sum in our account, I’m speechless.
This just might be enough money to...
This is enough cash to finally set you free, huh, Shuichiro?
Huh?
Did you think we were working our asses off just to cure your ED?
T-This money... it’s all for you, Shuichiro!
It looks like they knew exactly what I’d been up to.
And what I’m planning on doing now too.
Are you sure?
Why are you asking us? You’re the president.
It’ll be great PR for the company, and believe me, it’ll be useful something fierce when it’s tax filing time.
But this is... the money we all made together.
I-It’s fine, Shuichiro!
I mean... w-we wouldn’t have gotten this far without you.
......!
All that I’ve done and built up has come back to me in a big way.
It happened in the prison.
And it’s happening on this tropical island.
Back to poverty-maxxing tomorrow, huh? I’ll tolerate eating natto, then, just for you.
I met the greatest comrades I could ever ask for in Tulip Prison.
Treasure this time, Noah—roughing it while you’re young builds character.
I was just a lonely boy, terrified of his own isolation.
Yeah... a-and now, we can finally get serious about making that h-harem...!
A lonely boy who met the people he’ll spend the rest of his life with.
All right, everyone... Let’s get back to it and make that Grand Route!
Y-Yeah!|Yeah.|Yeah!
I just know we’ll always be together.
Well, I’ve got all the capital I need.
Dr. Higuchi and I are sitting beside each other, tending to the potted plants’ soil.
So I’m thinking of putting that plan I was telling you about into action.
Making that non-profit you had in mind? The one that would give counseling to victims of sex crime and those distressed by their abnormal fetishes?
This is what I’ve had in mind over the past year or so.
There are people out there who have been sexually victimized, and perverts like me who grapple with their fetishes.
I want to make a group that gives free counseling to them. Somewhere both types of people can talk to professionals without judgment.
This should be enough money for now, but... if you keep it free, you’re going to run out of gas eventually.
That’s part of why we’re going to keep on making games.
If I can alleviate someone’s troubles with this group even a little bit, well...
I think that is the best atonement I can manage.
I’ll be fine, Dr. Higuchi.
She doesn’t need to make anything up to me anymore.
I’m better now. Healthy.
So I want you to go help people who’ve been victimized by people like me... and people like me who are grappling with themselves.
I want her to go off, far away...
...and fulfill the dream she’s always had. The dream of helping all sorts of people, whether they have money or not.
I’ll be fine, Dr. Higuchi. Really, I will.
You... You really have grown up, Shuichiro.
I smile.
She smiles back at me, and a gentle breeze uncharacteristic of winter caresses the window.
Besides. There’s more I can do to bolster the company’s profits.
This isn’t all I want to do, either.
I’ve got a dream.
Dr. Higuchi, remember how you told me I need to run away from people I can’t outfight?
With Yugao’s advice helping, the flowers in the pots grow big and beautiful before wilting.
And how I need to arm myself properly to protect myself?
Over and over, they bloom and they pass.
Eventually, the entire front of the building will be adorned with beautiful tulips.
Yeah, I remember.
I think she was right.
You need to have a reliable way of protecting yourself.
If you can’t defend yourself, you’ll lose what’s important to you.
If Dr. Higuchi hadn’t taught me that long ago, I don’t think I would have recovered our game or completed it.
But, well, I’m still a kid.
The rush of suspicious suits taught me something important.
Most people judge others on looks alone.
Since we’re still kids, no one’s going to take us seriously.
We can’t even make it to the negotiation table.
They just came in, trying to overwhelm us with pressure, and all we could do was fend them off.
That just isn’t productive.
And I’ve still got a ways to go when it comes to judging character.
Even if I feel like one of them looks like a promising business partner, that’s just my intuition.
Sometimes my intuition is wrong, and that kind of misjudgment could cost us dearly.
That’s why we need an adult.
Someone who the suits won’t look down on. Who can bring us to the negotiation table proper.
Someone who won’t fold to pressure. Who can face off with anyone as an equal.
And most importantly, someone who’s a good judge of character.
That’s the kind of mature force we need on the team: someone with abundant life experience.
So you’ll... just keep on waiting for that someone?
......
I eagerly await his arrival.
I’m planning on waiting as long as it takes.
As I water my tulips, fated to bloom only in spring.
(END)
//Writing notes here. Like, speculation and stuff. (IK)
Protagonist (temp) and the heroines solved all the problems and saved the City.
Watching them from heaven above, however, had been a man.
You’ve done so well, Protagonist (temp)...
It was Protagonist (temp)’s teacher and first friend, Mating Press Man.
//Seriously, give him a name already. (IK)
A tragic figure who had given the protagonist his perverse power, but whose powers were driven out of control by the City’s serial killer.
......
He remains in the afterlife.
What would become of Mating Press Man?
What salvation was there for him?
.........
......
...
Oh? You want to hear more?
Sorry, but his story’s just about over.
There’s no continuation of Exhibitiman’s story in this prison.
He burst out of this cage and journeyed forth to the great sea.
There’s no way those of us still on the ground can know of his tale.
So the rest of this story is going to be about me.
The tale of a pathetic old man who dealt in information and contraband, wagging his tale obediently for Warden Mizushiro.
Oh? Still here? Great. Puts a smile on my face.
Sit down, then, and listen to the ramblings of an old man.
Nowadays, Exhibitiman is mostly a legend in Tulip Prison.
All right, newbies, listen up—you know how Tulip Prison’s absolutely inescapable? Tight as a virgin’s ass? Well, there’s one guy who made it out...
Think about it like this: what if tomorrow, you were told you could quit your job, no consequences?
In outside terms, that’s what the idea of a jailbreak is like to us. It’s always an appealing idea, even thrilling.
Guy was tough as nails. When I started working in the coal mines, he was there. Always calm. Cave-ins, explosions, fires, he didn’t care.
That guaranteed his passage into legend, his immortality in the prison population’s memories.
Given what his personality was like, he’s left quite a few... interesting tales in his wake.
When Exhibitiman got in, the first thing he did was get into a fight with Hanamaru from the Sex Crimes Ward.
We bullied him too.
Yeah, and he didn’t even flinch. The guy was just so brave.
People talk about him all over the prison.
Then he pissed off a captain, but managed to turn the whole thing around and get himself decorated with an award!
There was this guy, Eroducer, who’d bought out all the guards with dirty money—and Exhibitiman made him shit himself!
Back when the whole prison was brainwashed, he blew up the building they were in to bring them to their senses. Well, eventually. The scene was a microcosm of life, when you think about it.
Everyone speaks as if they’d been there to see it all happen, so you’d think the tale would get taller in the telling.
The strange thing is, every word of it happened.
Uh, um, hey! Mr. Kugitani, is it true that you were close to Exhibitiman?!
Of course, I’ll talk if I’m asked to.
I don’t know if I’d say we were close, but we did talk a good bit. What do you want to know?
I tell them his tale just like I told it to you, skipping over the problematic parts.
Holy shit! He escaped stark-naked through the coal disposal route? That ain’t something a normal human can pull off!
People who’ve never even seen his face let their minds conjure up images of a legendary streaker.
I’m sure he musta been real macho, like, I’m talking real buff and tough!
I wonder what the looks on their faces would be if they found out he was a beardless, baby-faced boy.
Now, of course, the guards are none too pleased with all this talk of prison break.
Enough chatter, you! You’re on the job. Get back to it!
We’re all strictly prohibited from talking about Exhibitiman.
Not that anyone follows that rule.
It’s just a pose, a façade, put up for the bigwigs that are here from the Ministry of Justice.
The guards here are pretty sick of their surveillance and nosiness too.
Because in reality, talking about him doesn’t boost your score at all.
And get it right: Number 0720 didn’t piss himself in the coal mine! He pissed himself in the torture room!
Take care not to mix it up with the story about former Captain Shikolenko!
Hell, sometimes they’ll even come in and correct you.
Now, when it comes to what the guards actually think about him.
There’s been a lot of prisoners in and out too... I bet no one here actually remembers Exhibitiman.
Shuichiro Minato, I think that was his name...? God, that was years ago...
I can’t say for sure. They’re not friends. That’s for one.
And now I’m old enough to have to start thinking about marriage...
I haven’t actually talked with them about it.
......
But if I had to guess, I’d figure they think of him as just as much of a legend as the prisoners do.
Think about it. Gods in myths randomly kill people, but no one resents them for it, right?
Guilt and innocence don’t matter at that point—the figure is in an untouchable sanctuary by then.
This wall is fine as is. We’ll leave it be.
That’s probably part of why they left his graffiti up on the wall too.
However, like an arrow in flight, time only keeps on moving forward.
It’ll soon be hard to remember just how much time has passed since that prison break riot.
Hell, the prison’s changed a lot already too.
First off, safety and conduct regulations have gotten a lot harsher.
I didn’t think things could get any harsher than they were. If life in the prison was like being clamped in the jaws of life, now it’s like being stuck in a wall.
We prisoners got the light side of the clamping, though. It’s the guards who’ve had the harshest crackdown.
Keep your protocol-mandated distance and speak while standing absolutely still!
They stopped being able to talk more than necessary or hand things over.
They’re all under the watchful eye of the new surveillance cameras, too. Some company somewhere is watching their every move.
And no talking to us until absolutely necessary, got that? Fooling around will absolutely not be tolerated!
Though in my memories, the only prisoner who fooled around with any guards—in the platonic sense—was him.
As time goes by, sentences shrink.
Prison populations shift and move pretty rapidly. It’s the nature of the beast, really.
Seeing people off isn’t anything new. It’s something I’ve experienced time and time again.
Mr. Kugitani, sir, thanks for all the help! I’ll buy you a beer when you get out!
I’ll hold you to that. Don’t get yourself into any more trouble, y’hear? And give my best to your wife and kid.
Faces I know leave the prison over time.
The number of folks who knew him directly gradually falls.
......
When I think about it, I really do enjoy talking about him.
The tales are riveting, sure, but it might be because when I’m talking about it, it feels like he’s back.
Not that he is, or ever will be.
He’s by the beautiful indigo sea on an island of passion, and I’m in a dank little cage.
We might as well be in different worlds.
What’s wrong, Joji?
The girl I’ve been looking after in prison—named her Yomi—has grown up a lot, herself.
She’s mastered the Japanese language and doesn’t spend her time hanging from the pull-up bar or tagging along behind me anymore.
Now, she’s a model prisoner. She even helps clean up the warden’s office, can you believe it?
Kids, I tell you. They grow so fast. He grew pretty fast too.
Do you miss him?
Do I?
Yeah. I think I do.
Heh.
I really do miss having him around.
That’s just how much the freedom he exuded nourished my life.
Ever since I made another big mistake on top of stealing a life...
...I’ve been living as a humble prisoner.
I was able to work as a smuggler entirely because I had Warden Mizushiro’s support.
Now, though, that’s simply a role I can’t fill.
It’s the first time I’ve gone this long without smoking too.
......
I still think about it. About back then.
I think of Himeko aiming her gun at me, that look of pure despair on her face.
I was supposed to help her bear her cross. Shoulder her sin.
Let us change this world, together. Let us wipe crime away in our generation.
I became her accomplice on that day. The responsibility should be with me.
Yet I let her go on alone. Off into a world of danger and anxiety from which she can’t return.
Could go for a smoke.
Her crime was something I should have shared in as her accomplice.
I’ve regretted letting her go ever since.
I still have those dreams.
Dreams of when I was young and without wrinkles. When my hips and legs didn’t hurt when I walked.
Ah, excuse me, did you drop this handkerchief?
On the way back from a ball game—my team won—I called out to a fellow pedestrian.
Oh, thank you. Would you... happen to have dropped this notebook last week?
Eventually, she got to calling my name more.
Ahaha... Joji! Joji!
Why? Why won’t you do your jobs?! The evidence is clear! Check the security camera footage!
Before I know it, I’m grabbing the detective by the collar.
The footage was dry. There’s not enough evidence for an arrest.
I’ve put in my letter of resignation at work and am running under the blazing sun.
Did you see the Benz, then? Please, you have to testify—I’ll make it worth your while! Please, I’m begging you!
In the next moment, I’m pleading through teary eyes.
Then what about the witness? There was a witness! I talked with him. I know what he saw! If we just get him to testify in court...
Unfortunately, he up and vanished. Seemed to have moved somewhere. Probably got paid off handsomely.
Then, I find myself shouting and pleading in the guest room of a mansion.
In front of me sits a city councilman or some other kind of politician... and his son.
I’ve never seen this lady of yours in my life. It sounds to me like she was passed out drunk on the streets.
If she was out on the streets that late, what could she be doin’ other than whoring? Bet she was turning tricks and sucking dicks, ahaha!
Their laughter echoes throughout the room.
For a moment, I stop hearing anything.
Haa, haa...
Then, fresh blood drips at my feet.
Haa... ahh...!
It gradually spreads out into a sizeable puddle of blood.
Ahhh... Haaa...!
The men turn into lifeless objects.
My own scream wakes me up.
Gh... Haaah!
Always feel the worst when I wake up like that.
Haa, haa... haa...
It feels like I’m repeating my breathing from that moment.
Hey, Number 0126! Quit your stalling. It’s time to line up!
I didn’t hear the siren for forming ranks.
You seem awfully out of breath. Were you masturbating or something? Do you need me to call the doctor?
Haa... No, I’m, I’m fine... I’ll get in line...
This nightmare has dogged me for decades.
That’s why nights always scare me.
I always remember that day.
I’ll probably go on regretting it for the rest of my life.
And that’s... what I deserve.
I’ve got a de-facto life sentence, and I’m not getting out of here.
So spending my entire life in reflective remorse over what I’ve done...
Well, that’s a fitting life for me.
Number 0126, you’re being released.
An announcement comes to derail my slow death.
Me?
I can’t believe it. At all.
Me, released from prison? She must be joking.
You’ve served well enough time, haven’t caused problems, and have impeccable behavior. Really, I’d say you were long overdue.
Unfortunately, she isn’t.
Those to be released are quarantined in the dorms a week before. To help them prepare to return to the outside world.
......
You have some time before that. Use it to ready your mind for what comes next.
It’s the middle of the freezing winter.
And here I am, told I’m going to be released from Tulip Prison.
Mr. Kugitani, I heard all about it! You’re finally getting out, huh? Sounds like cause for celebration!
Those who have spent a long time in the prison are, of course, pleased to hear the rare news.
Yeah. Thanks.
Congratulations on leaving before me... Oh, congratulations. I did not think that you would leave before me...
Those with life sentences have no guarantee of parole.
Even the criminality coefficient set on them when they’re loaded into prison is more like a formality.
That’s why everyone is surprised and cheers me on.
Prison is just a microcosm of life, really. |Life| is a microcosm of life, too. When you’re feeling down, I recommend squeezing into a vacuum pack and becoming a little microcosm of yourself.
I’ll have to make sure my hips don’t go out from how different it’ll be. They do say it’s all over when you mess yourself up from the waist down.
......
When night comes, I don’t sleep a wink.
I’m not palpitating with joy.
I’m not on edge with excitement, either.
......
I’m just too scared of the outside world to sleep.
(END)
If you’ve never been to prison before...
If most of your troubles in life are frustration with taxes, your boss, or coworkers, you probably can’t grasp my anxiety.
Maybe you’re thinking, oh, isn’t getting out of prison great news? Go out, have a beer, and enjoy yourself. It’s been forever.
I was incarcerated decades ago. Decades.
Half of my life I’ve spent in this cage.
The world outside has to have changed drastically, right?
Sometimes I’ll talk with folks fresh from outside, and what they tell me has changed always surprises me.
Electric cars? Tablets? There’s no more of those snappy flip phones anymore? Stuff like that.
The world outside may as well be an alien planet to me.
Anyone would be afraid to take a trip to another world—though I hear those are popular with the youth nowadays.
I can’t even imagine what it’s like.
That inability to imagine it is what makes it so scary.
I tremble so much even I find it pathetic.
......
I’ve been thinking, desperately, since that day.
What will it take for me to stay in prison?
How can I avoid having to leave?
That’s all that occupies my mind.
My worries don’t matter. The process continues.
First, they make me write on some paper.
It’s like an employment questionnaire.
I write about my years served in prison, my employment history, any certifications I have, and more.
Then, I have a discussion with the officers based on what I wrote.
We’ll have a talk about your future. Take a seat.
Yamagishi now serves as the captain of the Planning Division, meaning she’s the main person who thinks about prisoners’ career paths moving forward. She’s perfect for the job.
She bombards me with questions asking for clarification for a good two hours as she looks over the sheet.
Are you going back to your hometown? Your crime was in Tokyo, but I do believe you’re from Seiran Island...
The rest of the talk is about what I want to do when I get out, what kind of job I want to work, where I want to live, and that kind of stuff.
I don’t have any family or friends living there anymore. You can’t even enter the island unless you have a connection, either.
I’ve been in prison for a long, long time, but parole is a first for me.
You’re a hard worker, and your mental faculties aren’t half bad either. I’m sure if you try hard and apply yourself, you can live a decent life!
All I can do is answer yes, no, and I don’t know like a fifteen-year-old boy in a high school interview.
You have our support! Hold your head high as you walk back into the world!
And, of course, most of the questions she’s asking are things I don’t know the answers to.
Pleased to meet you. My name is Koharu Kimidori, and I’ll be your parole officer.
About a month and a half later, I have an interview with a parole officer from off the island.
First, you’ll need to contact me before you go anywhere. You’ll also need to call and report to me once a day. Do you have anywhere you can go?
She explains the rules and regulations of being out on parole.
There’s a grave I want to visit first. The victim’s family is in Tokyo too, so I was thinking of sending flowers.
Since I’m not leaving after a complete sentence, I’ll be under surveillance for a while.
A wonderful idea. Now, if you have any guarantors, you’re able to have them meet you at the port on the mainland...
She goes over the smaller rules for the period too. No drinking alcohol, no gambling, that kind of stuff.
I’ve no one in the world, I’m afraid. No friends or acquaintances anywhere.
Violating parole would result in being sent back to prison.
I’m sure you already know this, but you are forbidden from making contact with those you came to know in the prison.
Her gentle voice turns cold.
So I ask that you refrain from any and all suspicious actions.
Fortunately for her, she’s worried about nothing.
I’ve got a completely empty contacts book.
Afterwards, there is an inspection of my cell alone.
Think of it as something like a ritual. Keep sitting over there.
It’s a meticulous check to make sure I haven’t brought in any contraband.
Unfortunately for them, I’m no longer a smuggler. They’re not going to find even a single cigarette.
This is supposed to be the last kind of inspection.
And it makes sense. Inspecting the belongings of someone about to get out is just a waste of time.
Then, three months have passed since the announcement of my parole.
The last part of the process is a one-on-one interview with the warden herself.
Number 0126, Joji Kugitani. Your crimes are the murder of two and the disposal of their bodies. Because you were able to plead extenuating circumstances, you were given a life sentence.
It’s to see if I’ve truly reflected and feel remorse about my crime.
Tell me. How do you feel about the crime you committed and the victims you’ve harmed? Remorseful?
......
It’s been a while since I’ve been in this office.
When I was still |her| student, I used to visit often.
She taught me so much.
About this dirty world. About human greed.
I don’t think that true remorse... is decided by the sinner. It’s something other people judge.
There is one thing I don’t understand, though.
There’s another worry I have.
And that is?
Should I truly... be allowed to leave here?
Should I be let out of the prison?
Am the I kind of person that should be allowed to exit the “criminal” category?
......
Can I truly be forgiven for the crime of killing people? For taking away their freedom and dignity?
Have I truly atoned for my crime?
Does anyone... want me to exist?
Himeko Mizushiro is no longer here. Nothing binds you anymore.
What do you think?
Live freely, then, as you wish.
Am I really someone who should be allowed to live?
Another month has passed.
I clean up my things from my workstation and start clearing out.
You were a really good calculator, Mr. Kugitani, s-so it’s going to be really tough with you gone.
I wasn’t doing anything too special. Anyone can do it. Don’t worry about a thing.
But, I mean, why am I the only one who doesn’t get let out? I’ve been brown-nosing so hard too... Is there some kind of conspiracy going on...?
This is my last day on the job.
Let me do my last bit of work as an information broker: they say there’s nothing Warden Yugao hates more than a brown-noser.
All I have left is a week of free time before I move to the dorm.
S-Seriously?! I thought everyone loved them?!
I say my last goodbyes to my workplace and leave my old desk behind.
Two weeks left until parole.
The reality of leaving prison is right before my eyes.
My stomach’s been hurting a lot more lately.
Ghh, hkkk!
It’s harder to get food down, and sometimes I cough it up.
Hhh... Haaa!
I wake up in the middle of the night from a nightmare as usual.
Haa, haa, haa...
Let me tell you, I sound like one of those unsightly old men screaming out of nowhere in the middle of a park.
There’s something I said to him a good while back.
That I wouldn’t be of any use in the outside world.
You can see it, right? Who would want to employ an old man with a criminal record?
I probably couldn’t even pull off working at a convenience store, not with all I’d have to learn.
And I can’t think anyone would want a murderer in the workplace.
Mr. Kugitaniii! Thanks for making me the courier! Have a good life on the outside!
When I leave the prison, I’ll just be a useless old man.
Take care of yourself. Try not to steal any more slippers.
People won’t smile and chat with me like they do here.
That reality makes me crushingly anxious.
It’s hard to put that anxiety into words.
An inexpressible emotion starts to bite away at me.
It’s painful to live with.
......
The uncertainty keeps me up at night, shaking and unable to sleep.
Here, Joji. For you.
In the midst of my anxiety, Yomi hands me something.
What’s this?
It’s a black book about a centimeter thick.
I took it from Warden Yugao’s room.
You what?! Do you want a trip to solitary?
I don’t mind.
You can’t be serious.
Because you need this, Joji.
Yomi’s face has filled out and grown up over the past year. She says that with a smile.
Congratulations on getting out, Joji.
......
I’ll be fine. I can take care of myself.
Hmph.
So live. Live freely.
The book is someone’s journal.
This... This can’t be real.
I can’t help but let out a grunt of surprise as I flip through it.
Whose do you think it is? That’s right. It’s his.
It’s the rehabilitation journal that the legendary Exhibitiman himself penned while underground.
It looks like Warden Yugao confiscated it, and Yomi subtly borrowed it.
Since trading goods is completely forbidden in the prison, that’s the only way for it to end up in my hands.
......
I read through it, glued to the pages.
It tells the story of his time here from entering the prison to being locked up deep underground.
I desperately follow the tiny writing as it dances across the page.
He must have been out of sorts or unable to see clearly.
Towards the end, I even see meaningless letters and rows of numbers.
Why would he write http:// in a notebook? Does he think I can touch it to jump to a website?
Haha...
I feel like it’s been a long, long time since I’ve laughed.
It’s because this reunion, however one-sided, comes so unexpectedly.
I suppose I’ve been wanting to see him again.
An impossible wish.
How would I contact him? Find him? I have no idea.
......
He suffered in a tiny room underground, fearing his encroaching madness.
Even when he felt himself losing his mind, he still chose to keep fighting.
That’s why he wrote about himself in his journal—so that he wouldn’t lose himself.
To organize and understand his emotions.
......
I decide to take a page from his book, so to speak.
Everything that’s happened up until now and how I felt about it—everything I can remember, I write it in my rehabilitation journal.
The very words you’re reading now.
I take a solid week.
And catch up to the present.
Phew.
This exercise has allowed me to take a more objective look at myself.
And in doing so, I think I finally understand who I truly am.
Ultimately, I’ve always wanted to be needed by someone.
When my wife was murdered and I took two lives, I completely lost any sense of pride or self-respect.
I stopped knowing if I was worthy of life in this world.
Locked away in prison, I sank into the depths of despair.
No one needed me.
It made no difference if I was alive or dead.
You’re the old fuck who can get his hands on anything, right? I’ll pay whatever you want, so get me a Lance of Longinus-shaped vibrator, and throw in an orichalcum rotor while you’re at it.
But I had a job: smuggler.
Mr. Kugitani, sorry for the trouble, but we got a green moron just in... Would ya mind lookin’ after him for a bit?
Everyone relied on me as an information broker too.
The fact that I had a job no one else could do and that I was useful to everyone kept me going.
All of that was given to me by her.
Let us fight together.
A self that was needed by others. A self that was useful to them.
To make a world where no one has to suffer as my daughter has. As your wife has...
A reason for me to still live in this world.
Young Joji Kugitani... I need your help.
Her outstretched hand saved me.
I really shouldn’t have let her go off on her own.
I should have shouldered half of the guilt.
I should have died with her back then.
......
The world has returned to a place that has no need of me.
Locked away, I have truly degraded.
Now, no one will want me. No one will seek me out.
Which means I have no reason left to live.
......
If there is nothing left. If they have told me my atonement is finished.
It’s time to bring it to an end.
After all, who would weep at the death of an old prisoner?
(END)
