The last week of my life in prison comes around.
They’ll put me in a dorm tomorrow, where I’ll have to sit tight for the rest of my time here.
Today will be the last day I can walk around the premises.
......
I elect to do just that.
It’s a small world, but it’s been mine.
The place I spent over a decade of my life in.
I’ve been through a variety of prisons, but none have been as comfortable as this one.
I’m sure only Tulip Prison has a garden this pretty.
Brings me back...
He brought me here, once.
Such a nostalgic memory. It feels like it happened decades in the past.
Much like I did back then, I pull out the wilted flower on the edge.
It just so happens that today is the anniversary of her death.
Fuxx?
There is a small box behind the flowerbed.
In said box is the prison’s internal currency.
It’s twelve fuxx in total. It’s such a pittance that I can’t imagine anyone who finds it picking it up.
Fuxx themselves are mostly worthless nowadays, anyway, and few people in the prison use them.
I put them away with care.
Not that I can use them anymore, either.
Perhaps I’m simply having trouble letting go.
I don’t want to make excuses, but for some reason, my heart feels... at ease.
Since that day, my stomach’s stopped acting up, and I don’t have nightmares anymore.
When I think that it’ll all come to an end when I go outside, I realize I don’t need to worry.
My emotions won’t boil up anymore.
I have his journal in my hands.
This is proof that he lived. A storehouse of all his secrets.
Something that no one else should see.
I have to burn it so that no one can find it.
I won’t be able to leave the dorm once I go in, so this is my last chance.
......
I’m reluctant, of course.
It feels like a bible that God granted me in my loneliness.
Just holding it in my hands was enough to help me find my courage.
He wrote this fully prepared to die.
If he wasn’t scared to go, then I won’t be, either.
But, unfortunately, you can only bring from the prison what you brought into it.
You can’t take out anything other than your body, your feelings, and your knowledge.
Will I be able to leave this place with my head held high?
I won’t know until I do it. No one can.
......
Evening break is about done.
I’m going to have to settle things soon if I’m settling them at all.
......
I find myself stopping.
I look up to see graffiti, big and bold.
This is where he painted the URL of a porn site on the wall and got himself sent to solitary.
It’s also the last place I spoke with him on the surface.
I can remember it so clearly even now.
He walked so proudly before his descent underground.
The man had a levity about him, like he was going for a stroll.
Hey.
Tell me, Exhibitiman.
Where did you get that mind of steel?
You knew that you weren’t coming back alive when you went underground.
How, then, did you stay so strong?
......!
For a moment, time seems to freeze.
Because I realize, looking up at the porn site URL...
That random-looking string of characters has a meaning to it.
The codebook...!
I quickly open up the journal.
I flip to the last page.
19 is... 10. 85 is... 2... 519 is...
The writing on the wall wasn’t an expression of his madness.
It’s a code that no one without the codebook could read, one that spells out a message.
I hurry to the computer room.
The very room he used as his base.
Gh...!
The computers here have all been wiped.
So instead of looking inside the computers, I look around them.
Found it!
Fuxx. Two hundred and fourteen fuxx.
An awkward, lopsided amount just like I found in the garden.
In the leadup to the Correctional Exhibition, he’d given all of the prison facilities number labels.
The number labels caught on, and the prisoners still use them as slang.
The codebook works with blocks of two or more numbers.
http://0721454585850811919800856969.cumshot
I take the numbers, run them through the codebook, and put the letters h, t, t, and p in front of the results as directed.
C10 is the storeroom I started in, and M8 is the computer room I was just in.
Just like I thought...
Each spot has some fuxx hidden away in it.
I remember something he told me once.
That he’d split his data up and hidden it in multiple places to alleviate the risk of being found.
And that he’d left a code showing where those places were.
I remember that he’d been studying ciphers and encryption.
But he was never too good with computers.
So, what if...
...he tested that splitting and encrypting in the real world as practice?
If he hid these meaningless fuxx around before he went into the hole...
...what if I rearranged the numbers of the sums according to the code?
Here we go...
Just what is that going to reveal?
The day of my release arrives.
Keep healthy out there! We don’t want to see you coming back!
Taking the belongings and money confiscated from me when I was incarcerated as well as the pittance of my pay, I board the ferry.
The end of my long life as a prisoner comes with no fanfare.
......
I find myself unable to stop staring back at Tulip Prison from the deck.
Goodbye, home of mine...
Until it disappears over the horizon, I just keep watching.
When we get to the port on the mainland, I meet with my parole officer.
Make sure to contact me before going anywhere, all right? I’ll have to file a missing persons report if you go off somewhere otherwise.
She asks me if there’s anything I want to eat, but at my age, I can’t handle oily stuff too well.
I end up leaving half of my first beef bowl in decades.
The world outside is a series of surprises.
Cars nowadays are shockingly quiet, and I hear they run on batteries instead of gasoline.
Instead of using cash, everyone just scans these little machines to make payments.
Well, you know, you can hardly live nowadays without one of these.
I ask whether I should get one myself, though I can’t help but feel like I’d lose something so small. My parole officer chuckles when I do.
What surprises me most is how much society has turned against smoking.
I didn’t expect the whole world to turn into one big no-smoking zone.
Used to be able to smoke in restaurants back in the day too...
As I murmur that to myself, a girl nearby gives me a disgusted look.
With that, I head off to Tokyo—making sure to file my paperwork with the parole officer over there, of course.
Then, I visit the victims’ graves.
I pull up the weeds, clean the stones with water, and lay flowers on them.
The same blue flowers I offered her grave.
I may only be doing this to satisfy myself, but it does lighten the pain a little.
With my respects paid, I’m out of obligations.
Now, I can leave this world at any time.
But I don’t.
Did the fear get me? That’s part of it, but not all.
I wanted to know what secret that code had.
When I lined up the fuxx sums I found and decoded them, it revealed a certain number.
Ah, hm... how long’s it been since I’ve typed on a keyboard...?
The internet is everywhere today. You can search for and learn anything you want. Makes me want to cry in awe.
And that number turned out to be a set of coordinates.
I don’t know all the details, but those old “GPS” things must have changed a lot, because they can get you just about anywhere now.
As coincidence would have it, the location happened to be in Tokyo, where I am.
It takes a bit of time to get the train there.
This is where you want to go? What for? There’s nothing to see on the outskirts of Tokyo. Just stay put.
My Tokyo parole officer is a stickler for the rules, and he doesn’t want me going out too far from his workplace.
He isn’t too passionate about his job, though, so it isn’t too tricky giving him the slip.
I’m not the only person under his surveillance, and all I have to do is figure out his schedule.
It is, however, a little scary to ride a train for the first time in so long.
Excuse me, I was wondering where I could buy tickets. Oh, over there? Thank you.
I am on edge, wondering if the people around me can tell I’m a criminal.
I want to be released from this terror. I want the pain to stop.
But I’m just so curious.
Just what was the last message he left?
My destination is on the border of Tokyo and Kanagawa Prefecture.
The area has lots of slopes and is hard on my old legs.
Okay, I can... I can make it...
I find an aged power pole on the way, so I catch my breath by it before cresting the hill.
I find a gate at the top with the name “Yahagizakura Academy” written on it.
You’re smart, so you probably know what that means.
That’s right. This is the school he went to before he got arrested.
Security is tight in schools nowadays, though, and this one’s no exception.
An old man like me is just going to be turned away at the gate.
But I’m on the clock. I have to be back at the hotel by seven when my parole officer comes back.
Ah, hello there. I’m Kobayashi’s grandfather, from Class A. Could you point me to the faculty room?
I’m glad I got so good at lying in prison.
Thank you, thank you. And no need to worry, I can get there myself. No need to trouble yourself.
I’m glad I came in a decent, collared shirt. The guard lets me through pretty easily.
This may be a private school, but it’s not going to have tighter security than Tulip Prison, right?
I walk through campus under the evening sun.
Classes must be over. There are hardly any students about.
The stairs are a lot kinder on my legs than the slope here was.
When I get to the top of them, I find a locked door.
A sign over it reads “no entry,” and there’s a bunch of broken chairs and furniture around it.
The code to the lock is worth a laugh: 0721.
I put my foot in the opening underneath, twist the knob up, and then...
...just like he said, I open the door to the roof with ease.
......
The place where it all began. Where he discovered the appeal of exhibitionism.
Him stripping his clothes here started it all.
I smile, excited. It’s like I’ve come to a holy site.
Now, he mentioned it was in a pipe around here...
A long time has passed since he was arrested.
I turn the pipe’s bolt, not expecting much.
It’s... open.
It only takes about five turns to open it.
I find a small candy tin inside.
The thing looks a bit rusted. Water must have gotten to it.
It clinks as I open the lid.
Polaroid... photos.
The first photo is of him, stark naked.
Fully erect and proud. His expression is free and unbound.
I look to the other side to see the date and time engraved on it.
It’s the evening of the day he was arrested.
Just about the same time that the cop who claimed to have been assaulted by him was wheeled into the hospital.
So that’s what this was for...
This is the reason he descended underground with such confidence.
He’d done everything he could do above ground.
So he went down with no regrets.
He figured that even if he died, as long as his journal was around, someone could use it to find the truth.
And if that didn’t work, nothing would.
It looks like you really were innocent of assault.
So he left it all in the hands...
...of whoever noticed the code.
Believing that someone would make it all the way here.
Whoa!
The wind blows.
A strong, spring wind.
Something spills out of the stack of photos and onto the ground.
I quickly grab the white object before it gets blown away.
What?
It’s a letter.
Hey, Sis, you graduated from Yahagizakura, right?
Yeah, same place as you. Was in the hospital too much to attend that many classes, though.
So, there’s this sewage pipe on the roof there.
You can remove the bolt pretty easily by hand. When you open it up you’ll find a little candy tin—I want you to put this inside it.
Since you’re an alum, you should be able to get in pretty easily.
I wrote how to get onto the roof on this paper. Make sure to burn it after reading.
Sure, but... why do all this?
It’s really important. Trust me.
I’m counting on you, Hinako.
It’s almost brand new.
It’s a tight plastic bag to keep the water out.
......
I find myself looking both ways.
It feels like this is something no one else should know about.
It feels... very, very important.
The front of the letter is in slanted, blocky writing.
To My Dear Smuggler
The familiar handwriting of a certain someone.
Gh...
Hands trembling, I unseal the envelope.
So, you made it here. I thought you would.
If you had the will to come all this way, how about fighting for just a little longer?
I remember him mentioning something, long ago.
My company is looking for employees.
We’re still kids, so most of the movers and shakers of society look down on us. It makes things pretty tough.
So we want an adult to guide us. Someone who’s been through the ups and downs of life.
That a sign appeared in town out of nowhere, bearing some sort of code.
We’re waiting in the promised land. Waiting for you to join us.
Solving the code was part of an entrance test to some huge corporation.
Signed, Lale Inc. President Shuhei Uchiro.
This is his spin on it. His final interview with me.
PS: I just know you’ll find here what you’re looking for.
The letter isn’t all that’s in the envelope.
The second piece of paper is long, slim, and blue.
I’ll be waiting for you. For as long as it takes.
It’s an airplane ticket and on the back...
Ah...
It says:
From: Prison. Destination: Freedom.
Ahhh...
When you get on in years, your tear glands grow weaker.
Weak as they’ve gotten, though, I’ve hardly cried in my advanced age.
Haha... Ahh...
But now, my tears won’t stop.
When was the last time I cried this much?
Snff... Ahh, ahhh...!
It’s almost like I’ve made a return.
Like I’ve become human again with warmth in my heart.
I waste no time in getting on the plane.
I straighten my collar and make myself look as much a gentleman as I can.
And now, I’m writing the rest of my journal—the one you’re reading now.
I’m probably leaving chaos behind for breaking parole.
Half of me feels guilty, and the other half is excited.
Heh...
In any case, I’m taking this plane to the south end of Kyushu.
After that, I’ll find a ship about to leave port.
The cops might just be searching for me. Maybe they’ve sent word ahead.
If they are, I’ll haggle with a fishing ship, toss them what little money I have, and talk my way onboard.
Complimentary drink, sir. Would you like a blanket?
And if that doesn’t work out, I’ll come up with something else on the spot.
No thanks, ma’am. I’m a little fired up right now—wouldn’t want to start sweating, haha.
No matter what I do, there’s nothing holding me down anymore.
And there we go.
There’s still someone out there who needs me.
Someone who wants me around.
Someone who’s waiting for me.
God.
What freedom.
The plane starts to vibrate.
It moves forward, crawling over the ground.
It picks up speed, and I can feel the gravity hit me.
The plane takes off, heading into the air.
Off it goes—off I go to my dear, younger friend.
Time... to head off.
Off my plane goes from prison to freedom.
(END)
I till the soil.
I raise flower after flower.
I till, plant, and water, all to make even more tulips bloom.
Eventually, spring comes. There have been a few.
Hey. You sure are working hard.
I hear a voice from the other side of the flowerbed.
His face may be hidden by the tulips in bloom.
But I know exactly who it is.
Have to say, tulips are the last thing I expected to see here.
That nostalgic tone. That hoarse voice.
The face I’ve been waiting on for so long.
All of it fills me with joy.
I did want to see them blooming at least one more time.
Yeah. That’s what I’ve been raising them for.
I stand up.
I stand up to greet my old friend with everything I have.
I stand up to hug him with everything I have.
Now, hold on, there. There’s something we’ve got to do first. Remember what I’m talking about?
You know I do. Like we did it back in prison.
I ball my fist and hold it out in front of my chest.
He always takes the top, and I, being younger, always take the bottom.
From now on, we do it the other way.
But from now on, I take the top and he takes the bottom.
Why?
Do you need to ask? I’m working for you now.
He finally pulls up the brim of his hat, showing his face.
Looking forward to working with you for the rest of my days, president.
His smile is every bit as bright as a tulip in bloom.
(END)
W-Wait!!!
Wha, uh... ah... kh...
...A-Anything can sound sexua
Well, that’s absolute nonsense♡
I didn’t believe it at first, but... it’s true♡
Friends, Romans, countrymen♡ Lend me your ears♡ I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him♡ The evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their boners♡
Et tu, Brute♡
By the way, where’s our CEO?♡
Over there playing Mines****er♡
Jesus, take the wheel!
I click on a mine.
Jesus can’t save you from being shit at Mines****er♡
Religion and RNG don’t mix, I think to myself.
What were you doing?
Distracting ourselves from the hunger♡
We thought fulfilling two of our basic needs might take our minds off the third♡
How did it turn out?
No dice♡
We are all hungry.
Big hungry, in fact.
Our previous release “Sickos and the City” sold well, but we donated all the proceeds to charity.
Which sent us back to a daily struggle against starvation.
We’ve got time but we’ve got no money... Taeka’s out and I’m supposed to keep my schedule open, so I can’t even scrounge up some cash with a side gig.
Where did Taeka, go...?
She said that a big business based in Tokyo had asked her to work on a browser game IP.
Sounds like, a gold mine...!
There’s a lot of people involved, so we have to make sure the rights and royalties and stuff is all locked down. She’s there partly as our artist and partly ’cause she’s in charge of the accounting.
Taeka probably won’t, get tricked or anything...
She’s been checking in from time to time ever since she got on the plane.
She said she was gonna check in with the people she stayed with back when she lived in Tokyo too. The Kazanins, or something...?
Every check-in message also comes with a selfie.
She seems to be having fun, so I just hope she’ll make the most of the trip.
But it’s also the longest we’ve been apart since we came here, so every now and then I start to miss her like crazy.
Oh, that’s right.
Remembering something, I rise to my feet.
Perfect.
Back when the Hatae Trio came to visit Taeka, they left us with a life-size cardboard cutout of her.
Apparently Shimonuma used to make such things as part of his job.
It’s just a cardboard cutout, but it makes a big difference.
Where’s...
The perfect woman
She really is...
I hope
So we noticed, putting a heart on the end makes everything sound sexual.
Sofurin finds a lot of high-paying part-time work whenever she has the time.
It’s the i-invention of the century. Try it, Shuichiro!
It all seems pretty stressful, but she says she’s fine with it—it’s easier than being a prison guard was.
She’s leading a very vigorous lifestyle.
Anyway. Why were you playing Mines****er, Shuichiro?♡
I was hiding from my problems♡
Ahem!
Taeka asked me to come up with a proposal for the browser game♡
And?♡
I couldn’t think of anything, so I started playing Mines****er♡
Sticking a ♡ on that doesn’t make it okay♡
Before Taeka left, she asked me to “come up with a few patterns so we can hit the ground running.”
She stressed that if we could just get a proposal through, the first payment would be only two months away, so it was critical that I have something ready to go.
I expected it to be easy, since I could come up with all the game ideas we would ever need, but it seems I miscalculated.
I... can’t think of anything...
I used to think that deadlines made good motivation. This time, not even a deadline is enough to get my brain in gear.
What happened, man? You always work like a berserker on steroids. This isn’t like you.
Something is different this time.
If this were our usual style of game—a single story, end to end—I think it would be done already.
I feel like my brain is about to short-circuit.
My thoughts won’t come together and I can’t focus on work.
Maybe you’re, tired? A-As soon as you broke out we made the game, and then it sold, and then you made that... counseling company? And here we are. It’s probably been... piling up on you?
But I slept a lot.
Mental fatigue is separate, though. Just sleeping doesn’t do that much in terms of emotional nutrition. Probably.
It’s about time for some regular physical nutrition too. Let’s slap something together to eat.
I’m not sure what emotional nutrition is supposed to be.
Yeah... There’s nothing left but crumbs, though...
What did Tulip Prison have that this place doesn’t?
I think hard.
I’m not... desperate enough.
What’s that supposed to mean?
The prison created a series of extreme situations that forced me to keep moving to complete the project.
And that made you desperate...
But now, even when there isn’t much to eat, I still have a roof over my head to keep the rain out... and I have you, my dear comrades.
Therefore, I am... too happy.
Happy.
Nothing is pushing me to progress like the prison did, so I think that’s why nothing is getting done.
You’ve lost your hungry spirit.
My hungry spirit...!
I’ve made up my mind.
Until the proposal is ready... I won’t eat a thing.
If you hear my stomach grumble, I want you to throw those crumbs at my face! Punish me!
Yeet!!!
The crumbs are sweet and flavorful.
There goes the last of our food...
They taste better than dust. I don’t see the problem.
Don’t try to stop me!
Please... I have to do this.
Nobody was stopping you.
If I can only create in the depths of desperation, then I will stand on the brink of death itself.
I sure wasn’t.
After all, we have no money.
We can’t keep living together without money.
It must be fate... that those crumbs were the last of our food.
So I’m going to drive myself forward by taking a fast, eating nothing.
And then... I’ll make a game proposal so good, it makes everybody want to stuff it full of money.
......
......
Your dedication is so hot it’s fucking disgusting.
......♡
I won’t let you suffer alone. We’re out of food anyway, so I’ll go full breatharian with you.
One struggle...! One struggle...!
Thanks, you two...
Thanks... Taeka.
I’ll burn this hunger as fuel to feed my proposal.
This marks the beginning of Operation Femme Fast-ale.
Phew... Are we finally close to shore? That was a long voyage...
I got carried away and just ran as far as I could but... what is this place? It’s just a small island, but every seat on the boat was full...
Maybe the timing happened to line up with a local festival or something...?
Rrrrrrrrrraaaauuuggggghhhh...
W-What...?! What’s that sound? Is that 
Grrrrah, gggggaaaarrrrrrhhh...
W-Who’s there?! Answer me... Please...!
Rrrrrrrrgggghhhaaahhh! Urrgggghhhh!
Who’s there? No! STOP!
AAAAAAAAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHH!
HYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!!!
I’m... hungry.
......
OM NOM NOM NOM!
OM NOM NOM NOM!
Did you clean your plate? I’m asking, who’s ready for another course?!
I am!
Then you get some crispy chicken and a nice salt-pickled cucumber!
Yay!
If you can still eat, I could make a bit more. Ginger-braised chicken wings, or—the fish must be fresh here, so maybe boiled amberjack would be good...?
With that, our mysterious savior pours a liberal literage of soy sauce and mirin into the pot.
Our lack of food had been a serious problem, but she ran out and came back with several bags that solved it.
Her cooking is good, too. If a little sweet.
Once again, sincerely... big thanks for cooking for us.
Don’t worry about it! I’m going to be staying with you, after all, and I’m not the type who doesn’t appreciate that kind of thing.
Pardon me, but... I have no idea who you are.
Haha, quit kidding around.
Huh?
What
......
......
......
......
......!!!
...Officer Yamagishi.
Captain
......!
I knew it.
Yeah.
You tricked me?
I’ve been Yamagishi all along.
But, when we met—
What’s wrong?! Hang in there, keep it together!
I’m... too... hungry...
Hang in there...! I passed a supermarket on the way here—Trader Ho’s—I’ll run back and grab some ingredients!
Who... are...
King Yamagishi!
...You...
......
...You said.
I mean, we recognized her...
I’d have recognized you if you shouted more.
I can’t believe ‘Officer Ahegao’ can cook.
She’s dressed differently, so I didn’t notice at all.
That blew my mind a little, yeah.
She looks so different, you couldn’t possibly expect me to recognize her. I get a little mad.
I get it. You got so into your work you stopped eating and sleeping, and before you knew it you were out of food too... I can see how that would turn you into a zombie.
I put my anger aside.
What are you doing here, Captain Yamagishi?
Shouldn’t you be working at this hour?
What? No, um, I’m on paid leave.
You work for an evil institution that’s always understaffed. There’s no way they gave you paid leave.
The first thing Captain Yugao did was update our labor policies, so now we actually
The Yugao I know would NEVER be considerate of other people!
It’s a cala-bashing.
She’s always been a good boss to her own subordinates.
And you’re here for... Shuichiro?
...I knew it...!
......!
No, er, actually... It’s a complete coincidence that I ended up here. It all happened like this...
It’s good to see you. I’m glad you took time out of your busy schedule to come see your old mother, Himeru.
Maman!
Call me ‘mother’. Do you know why I summoned you here to visit?
I can’t even begin to imagine, Mother...
It’s been twenty-five years since you were born to inherit the family, and you’re almost twenty-six. You remember our arrangement?
And even if it weren’t for that, the Mizushiro branch has been sidelined ever since that whole kerfuffle, and we Yamagishis have to pick up the slack to protect the whole family.
Despite all of which, you’ve not only yet to find a fiancé, you’ve never so much as brought a boyfriend home.
......
Also, you haven’t been back to visit... even though you
I have a lover.
A lying mouth, is what you’ve got.
It’s a figure of speech!
It’s a filthy lie. Moving on...
I’ve arranged a marriage interview... with the son of a major conglomerate.
......!
......
You got me good, Maman.
Now
Well, I...! I think it’s a little early to be looking at marriage, and—
When I was your age, I’d already had
Which is why you’re still so young and beautiful, Mother, yes, I know!
Your mother is
I can do laundry! I can even wake up in the morning now!
Where are you going?!
T-T-To go see my lover!
Come back here, Hime! I never see you and I’m so lonely and I got you new clothes and made those soba-flour galette pancakes you love so much!!!
No! If you’re going to make me get married then I’m going home! Thanks for the galettes! Sorry you’re lonely! BYE!!!
And then I came here.
......
Who?
Me.
......
......
And?
And...
I’m getting pregnant, on the beeeeach!
W-W-What’s going on here?! Violations as far as the eye can see...!
Do♡ re♡ mi♡ fa♡ sol♡ la♡ ti♡ do
This isn’t a beach, it’s a beeyotch-front property!
Skip the sweet-talk, just stick it in me already.
It’s wai
Pant, pant! Throb, throb! Mooooooooooannn!
What’s going on here?! Everyone is having intercourse left and right, and by the look of things half of them aren’t even married!
Best Chestin’? Hole’n’pay Inn
Those aren’t business hotels! They’re..
True or false♡ When you fuck a stranger in the street, you have to use a condom!
Ugh, all the squealing is hurting my ears! How can these people... Wait, no, it can’t be...?!
Answer: Faaalse!♡ You
Is this place...
Also! It’s about time you broke that habit you’ve got of just saying ‘ah’ every time you cum! That’s not the Seiran Island way!
I
A mystical place said to exist between the sea of cum and shore leave, the cradle where souls engage in baby play... Seiran Island!
How could I, a proud correctional officer of Tulip Prison, find myself marooned on a filthy sex island of unchained depravity?! I’m...
Stranded in a gangbang paradise!!!
...And then I ran into all of you!
......
......
Are they still with us?
Relatively.
I bought a ticket I
Which led Captain Yamagishi to her reunion with the staff of Lale.
Look, I understand what you must be thinking—it
But we’re still dealing with a captain of the prison guards.
Do you really expect us to swallow all of that?
Hiss!
She’s a guard, and we’re all former prisoners.
Some of our memories from that place are good; some are bad.
Y-You can’t take us back there, we’ll never let you...!
Captain Yamagishi just cocks her head, confused.
Why would I do that? Kurokane, you and Kurebayashi were both found innocent after you applied for retrial. You have official approval to be out here.
She only ever used to call us by our numbers.
Granted you
I’m a little surprised that she knows our names.
All of us are equals here outside of the prison. We’re all ordinary members of society, and I don’t have any right to arrest you.
And you’re all working hard to earn a living, even if you
Rehabilitating former inmates is such a difficult problem, it has to be tackled at a national level.
One of the guards who used to oppress us in the prison is now straightforwardly praising us.
You’ve accomplished all of this with your own power. I’m nothing but impressed!
......
If you’re working as hard as these two, then that makes me very happy, Minato...!
She’s a good person...?
She’s treating me like a human. As if that’s only natural.
Deep down... probably, yeah.
It’s a strange feeling, but one that I like.
(END)
And so Captain Yamagishi winds up staying with us a while.
She says she doesn’t want to go home, so I lend her my futon in the meantime.
Hey, gang! We’ve got French toast and bacon for breakfast today! If you want to eat minestrone... then GET YOUR BUTTS IN THOSE SEATS!!!
Yay!
In exchange, she’s taken over cooking and odd jobs for the office.
I’ll look after everything you need until you get that proposal thingy done! In the meantime, you don’t have to worry about money or anything!
It’s so sweet and so thick... and so delicious.
Maple syrup and bacon are a great combination. You can even put them together in the same mouthful.
The food is better than what we usually eat. Our lifestyle feels like it’s become more advanced.
I’m surprised you’re such a good cook.
The school I went to had classes on cooking and manners and stuff. It was supposed to turn us into ‘good wife material.’
When I join her to help carry bags, she buys us a great deal more than we need.
Her pocket money funds the whole shopping trip—she doesn’t let us pay a penny.
The party of the first part (below, the Sopping
The Rock-Hard Cock shall provide the Sopping
......!
She still has trouble with the Seiran Island dialect.
The Rock-Hard Cock certifies that it shall deliver no Hot Loads to third parties for the durati
I guess it wouldn’t be as hot if they were too direct about it...
Veritably.
None a’ the cocks ’round here satisfy! I’m lookin’ and lookin’ and what do I fin’? All I’m askin’ for is a creampie, but ain’t nobody catch my eye! Got a hot head and a col’ pussy tonigh’!
Hm? Is this a rap battle?
Welcome to Seiran Island, bitch! Don’t like orgies? Damn, that’s rich! Get up in a menage à trois, an’ I hope ya like it raw, ’cause a big blue sea of cocks gonna be the last thing y’ever saw!
You done running your mouth? Put it to work. You think your rhymes are fire? Learn to twerk. Your flow is as sloppy as your fucked-up gash, the crowd is just empty ’cause your raps are trash!
Bend over and open up for my bars! Rappin’ amateur-league, yappin’ like Varsity! Snitches get stitches,
(
Phew, that was close...
You’re good.
I’m honestly impressed that she could keep up at all under Seiran Island rules.
How’s work going? I don’t know much about these eroge thingies, but let me know if there’s anything I can help with.
You’re already keeping us well fed.
Captain Yamagishi may not understand what we’re making, but she’s rooting for us regardless.
But the proposal still isn’t going very well.
Hmm... A nice smell can help you concentrate, so a room fragrance might be just the thing. I’ll see what my usual perfumer can do.
Mmm...! That smells good. It’s smooth and, soothing.
Captain Yamagishi always emits the fragrance of someone who has money.
Sniff, sniff
And she always carries the air of confidence that comes from being able to cover small expenses without a thought.
My voice feels kind of scratchy now.
It sounds like sandpaper.
This syrup is what you want for your throat! It’s made with traditional ingredients like loquat fruit, and it’s a lifesaver since I can get a little loud. Here, I’ll put aside twenty or so packets for you.
It even tastes good.
She has loose pursestrings. That is, she isn’t a miser.
Are you sure you should be spending so much?
I get paid pretty well and I’m rich anyway!
I still don’t understand why she goes so far for us.
I’m mostly just happy to see you all working so hard.
......?
I always thought of Captain Yamagishi as a distant acquaintance who was always shouting something non-sexual in the background.
Not to mention someone whose job involves coming down hard on perverts like us.
In other words, a stranger, and not someone who should be this helpful without an ulterior motive.
It’s like Warden Yugao always says. You’re like a cat, Minato. Specifically a stray.
Everyone says I’m a tiger.
I don’t understand what Captain Yamagishi is saying.
You’ll be fed, but you won’t be tamed. If anyone puts a collar on you you’ll get it off, so it isn’t worth the effort. Neither of those things bothers me much at all, though!
I’ve barely ever understood a word she said, though, so I choose not to dwell on it.
I hate rich people.
But money’s a good thing to have, isn’t it? You can use it to buy stuff you want.
I can’t quite put my finger on why, but... I hate them.
I’ve always been rich, so I’m not sure how it feels not to be...
I hate that too.
All my friends at school were rich kids too, so I can’t say I know how you feel either.
I hear you went to the same school as Sister Julia?
I’m surprised you know that! It was a girls’ school but ex-Captain Agatsuma was kind of everybody’s idol. Some people did a bustling business selling illicit photos of her!
That’s illegal.
I’ve still got one in my wallet. Do you want to see?
I definitely do.
Oh, let me just make a quick phone call first.
Hello, this is Uchiro... Yes. Big it’s been too long.
Yes, I’m well... No, I haven’t been praying. What’s a ‘bechurion’?
Yes... Yes. Anyway, my question.
Is it all right if I look at your old pictures?
Wheeze...! Wheeze...! Wheeeeeze...!
That was quick.
Is it all right if I look at this picture?
Wheeze...!
Hinako always used to say she’d die if anyone ever saw her old pictures.
Hh... ahh! Hahhh...!
So I thought I’d get permission first.
Noghhhh...!
Okay, I’m looking.
It’s not right to go prying into people’s pasts!
She got her wind back fast.
Jules! Oh, it’s so good to see you! I’ve missed you so much!
Oh, it’s you again...
I tried calling the Minai family so many times, but they kept saying they had nothing to do with you anymore!
I expect they would, yes...
I haven’t seen Sister Julia in some time, but she looks well.
Listen well, my dear Shuichiro. God wants you to be virtuous, do good works, and
God is always so damn demanding.
It’s just a picture, so I’m not sure why it has to be such a big deal.
Back then I wasn’t quite done becoming
I don’t really get it.
Would you want people to see you only
I absolutely get it now.
What are you even doing here, dear Himeru?
When we parted it seemed to be goodbye forever, and yet here we are together again with the nun.
Well, you see, one thing happened and then another...
I think it’s been a few months since I last saw her.
How have you been spending your time, Jules?
Oh, I’ve just been wandering? East and West, across the land, enjoying all the wonders the world has to offer.
Enjoying them, huh.
Hehehe... what’s thiiis? Shuichiro, why is your voice so hoarse? Do you have a cold?
It’s just been weird lately.
Now that you mention it, Shuichiro has been touching his throat a lot lately, hasn’t he?
The nun’s eyes glitter like a bug’s like always, and as usual it’s slightly off-putting.
Ahegao was saying the same thing. I guess
She looks about the same as the last time I saw her.
But your face looks a little bit different.
Yeah, her makeup is different because she rushed over here.
Dear Himeru.
You usually use eyeshadow, so that’s why you look a little puffy here today, right?
Dear Himeru...
Actually, it kind of looks like the picture...
Drop it, bitch!
She’s a nun, but she hit her.
There’s something in the Bible about slapping people on their right and left cheeks all the time.
Is there...? Maybe there is...
Oh, Lord, please forgive my transgressions, but it’s the only way this girl will ever learn!
That’s a sad divine judgment.
Everyone was pretty jealous of me, back in school. She never used to slap the
So resilient.
Not only does Captain Yamagishi not mind having been hit, she’s smiling with what looks like genuine good cheer.
They get along so well.
Right?
We were at school together for six whole years!
But we spoke for less than six hours in total.
She was always beautiful, proud, and kind, and the younger girls all looked up to her like an older sister...!
A horribly cliché bore, isn’t it?
What? Jules, I would
Isn’t she just the worst? You understand.
It’s fun to see the unusual faces the nun makes when Captain Yamagishi is around.
O Lord, please find forgiveness for this piteous lamb. She’s not wicked and means no harm; alas, she lacks only sapience!
What do you think God is going to do about it...?
I thought rich people were supposed to be less petty.
You know the school the two of us went to was full of people who were even richer?
That’s true. At Yahagi-Kiyosumi, the two of us were pretty much dead average.
What was that one girl’s name? From the disciplinary committee... Tsuzurahara! Her family’s place was practically a castle!
It’s a wide world out there... I think to myself.
Yes, because half the nation’s enterprises were in their pocket.
It seems Captain Yamagishi has been like this since she was a student.
Was Captain Yamagishi a social reject at school too?
You’d be surprised! The teachers liked her, and she was the vice-captain of the tennis team. She was popular.
Hm? Why is that surprising?
That’s very surprising.
No, wait. Why is that surprising?
I just can’t believe that Captain Yamagishi was popular. I give the nun a doubtful look.
Dear Himeru is... a sort of chimera, the unholy fusion of high-class education and girls’-school culture.
A monster?
What else would you call it? Every year spent in unisex education only makes one’s sense of sexual humor more...
My school had boys and girls.
I n-never went to school.
I know what you’re talking about. My school was all girls too, and some of them would flash each other their panties just to say hello.
Dear Himeru used to sneak up behind me, throw a bra over my eyes, and shout ‘guess who!’
I did, and everyone thought it was hilarious.
Shameless.
Actually borderline regal.
In spite of which the girls led strict, sheltered lives, and had next to nothing in the way of firsthand sexual experience.
I know all the words now, though! I’ve read a lot of books!
They were all like that, so teaching them a little real-world knowledge made their feelings absolute putty in my hands! Ahahaha!
That laugh is demonic.
Demon versus monster.
Did you know that despite how dear Himeru speaks now, she used to have the diction of a legitimate
Hey! Don’t start on that, Jules!
The way she talks now is
C’mon, not in front of the ex-prisoners!
T-Too... strong...
You’re embarrassing me!
You’re choking me!!!
She must have been good at tennis.
B-Break, break!
Overruled! Jules’s always been kinda shy about getting touched, that’s all...!
O Lord, please forgive this piteous chimpanzee! She was born with muscles instead of brains!
I’m starting to pity the Lord instead.
The guards, in my mind, correspond to the teachers in a school setting.
So I was being followed around by the center of attention, you understand? And you have some idea of what I was up to, don’t you, dear Shuichiro?
I do.
Which made dear Himeru’s all-too-obtrusive presence...?
A huge pain.
Precisely! That’s why I could never stand her, even back at school.
Thus, I find it difficult to imagine Captain Yamagishi and Sister Julia as students.
Do you know why I called you all the way out here, Jules?!
I’m pretty sure I just showed up?
I wonder how they used to interact back when they were the kind, gentle loner and the popular tennis club girl.
Minato’s stuck on his game project, and he says it was easier to work back in prison.
Oh-ho-ho, my? How unfortunate!
I thought we could recreate a prison environment to help him along! Think of it as a high-priority assignment to assist our former inmates’ reintegration with society!
And you want me to...?
I want you to join me in being Minato’s assigned guard!
......
Ugh...
Maybe I’m seeing their dynamic from back then, I think to myself.
(END)
Roll call! ROLL CALL! WAKE UP, YOU SICKO SCUMBAGS!
From then on, our daily routine is transformed.
Change your clothes and sit down for breakfast! Move, move, MOVE!
Mmmhyeah...
Is everyone seated? Then let’s all give thanks for our daily bread. Amen.
BEGIN!
Every day begins with us being driven out of bed at a regular time and chased to the table before we can doze off again.
Is this outfit a blast from the past or what?! Lucky thing I had it with me. I was going to take it in for cleaning!
It really takes me back.
Doesn’t having these two around make you get hungry on a schedule? I’ve been wanting to go to the bathroom on a schedule, too.
Captain Yamagishi was the one who had Sister Julia’s uniform too.
Totally.
If this feels normal to us, it’s because however far we’ve come, the old regime from our prison days is still carved into our bones.
Time to get to work, Sicko Squad! Rub those hands together, get ’em nice and warm!
We sit at our desks at the allotted time, and nobody is allowed to say a thing until it’s time for our break.
What are you doing, Minato?! Your hands aren’t moving!
In Tulip Prison, the punishments came easily at the very thought of a dirty word.
I had
Now a Tulip Prison guard is yelling at me to think dirtier thoughts.
Excuse me! May I please see an adult website for reference?
Yes, dear♡
Life is strange, I think to myself.
I lost my red pen.
Captain Yamagishi’s stay has also stretched to a considerable length.
Excuse me! May I please have a pen, ma’am?
She’s up first in the morning to get the rest of us out of bed; she cooks, supervises our work, and makes sure we’ve brushed our teeth before she goes to sleep at night.
I want someone to grab me the red pen that’s in that pencil case over there.
Ahaha...! Maybe you should keep your things more organized?
The pen...
Here’s your pen, Minato... but this is the kind of thing that only happens because you let your focus slip! You ought to strive to maintain a clean, hygienic environment!
Big sorry, bro.
I have become strangely used to this lifestyle.
Are things still okay with Captain Yamagishi’s work?
She’s been here an
You have too, but you’re unemployed.
Cheeky♡
Is she not going to get in trouble?
Oh, I expect she’ll be just fine? She was phoning in and everything.
Yes, hello... Himeru? Where have you been? Your paid leave is supposed to be over. Takanashi and Higata are going on break next, so we need you back here.
Oh, sorry, I need an extension! I’ll be on break for another week or so here. Don’t worry, I’ll bring back souvenirs. Goodbye!
And then she hung up♡
......
Management is hard work... I think to myself.
Big morning, everybody.
One day, my throat situation resolves itself.
Minato?! W-What happened to your voice?
It was like this when I woke up.
Y-Your v-voice, deep, it got way deeper!
Wait, you hadn’t—?!
My voice changed.
My Adam’s apple is sticking out so much I can feel it with my hand.
This must be why my voice has been so hoarse.
Voice change? Late for it, right? Or, not especially...?!
Based on what I’ve read, he’s not too far away from the average age, but...
W-What do we do? Do we bake him a cake...?!
Nah, silly! That would’ve been when his balls dropped!
Ahahaha! His voice changed! Look, his Adam’s apple is hard like a little dick...! Sorry—hehehe! It’s just too much!
Would you try calling my name, my dear Shuichiro?
Sister...
Julia.
Julia.
Mhyehehehehehe.
What are you laughing about?
Do my dear Himeru next.
Himeru.
Mhyehehehehehe.
Why are you laughing like that?
We’ve
Is my voice weird?
She picked up! W-What’s she saying?
Allow me to translate!
Disturbingly good impression.
I want to ask you something.
‘Hm...? What’s up with your voice—you get hungry and eat something weird you picked up off the street...?!’
My voice changed.
‘Your voice changed...?’
Is it weird now?
‘...Think you could whisper my name for me real quick? So’s I can check.’
Taeka.
Mhyehehehehehe.
That’s the only way to react, huh...
The only appropriate response, I’m afraid.
What’s happening?
Ahaha...! It’s not
It’s kind of a boy’s voice, but kinda also a man’s...!
My voice...
Shuichiro, do me next! Do me...!!!
Then me! I, I want to go after!
...is weird...?
I feel excluded. Even though it’s my own voice.
Oh right... It’s easy to forget what with the way you act, but I guess you
Is it weird, though?
There’s nothing weird about it! You’ve grown up splendidly, Minato!
She slaps me vigorously on the back, which apparently has grown up splendidly.
Hrrrrrrrrrmmm...!
My body may have grown, but my head doesn’t suddenly feel any different.
What are you doing?! No worrying your head without permission!
Excuse me! May I please worry my head, ma’am?
Permission granted!
Hhhhhhhhhhrrrrrrrrrrmmmmm...!!!
Ow.
I crumple up my scratch paper and throw it in the garbage.
Aww. There, there, you poor thing.
It’s been about ten days since Taeka went off to negotiate.
Where
She’s having trouble finalizing the contract. The way it is right now, they’ll get too much power to control what we make.
We do need their money, but we don’t want them to come in and ruin our game the second it doesn’t sell the way they expect.
If they start changing the characters and so on, I won’t be able to call it 
Hehe! My,
But we’re the ones making the game.
If you’re making it at someone’s request, can it really be yours, dear Shuichiro? Hehe... If you can’t afford to finish it one way or the other, there won’t be any game at all.
......
I see what you’re saying, Jules... but even if you’re funding a project, you can’t try to force your opinion on everyone. That’s just not how it works these days.
Tell her!
Angry, eh?
You need to compromise and find the lines each side is unwilling to cross. That’s exactly why Hatae is off bargaining, right?
She’s right.
But apparently our red lines are a lot to ask for without a history of success to back us up.
That’s why the proposal, when it’s finished, has to be strong enough to dispel any doubts.
Hhhhhrrrrmmmmmmm...
Why don’t you try, writing out your problems? Organize the mind. By writing. Feels better.
The biggest thing is probably... the characters.
Taeka sent me a message saying that the biggest components of a browser game are the characters, not the story.
They’re monetized based on something called a “gacha system,” and if the characters aren’t appealing they won’t make any money.
But... I can’t design any good characters.
You want to design beautiful girls who’ll prey on nerds’ need to feel lucky, blind their reason, ruin their sense of the value of money, and leave them chasing a 0.02% dream... and that’s
Coming from organized religion, I knew you would understand.
’Cause you do the same thing.
Nowadays there’s also games that make you pay to play dress-up or sell you character skins instead. What’d Taeka say about it?
From the documents we have, it looks like it’s the type that has a lot of characters.
The initial roster is supposed to start at 30 characters (minimum) and go up from there.
If there’s going to be a story, then ten or so enemy characters too.
The characters are running all over each other... and I don’t know how to set them apart.
We’ve only ever had about four main characters before, and having more of them isn’t making things any easier.
And every one of those characters has to be distinctive enough that people will endure that “gacha” (gotcha?) thing to get them. This is a very challenging requirement.
That’s why you need that special something. That’s where you rely on...
Moé
What is...
I’ve never thought much about 
What is
It’s you, baby.
Isumi?
Y-You.
I... am
Stop that! You’re starting to confuse
Well, he
Y’know?
I’m sorry... I can’t keep up because I’m not a nerd...
Hehe... This is for your game? My dear lost puppae, allow me to bring you a revelation from the Lord.
What is it?
Digital drugs♡
......
Ahaha! I kid♡
Hrk...! Ha, ahaha, ow, not so hard...!
I THOUGHT YOU SWORE TO WASH YOUR HANDS OF DRUGS, JULES!!!
If only I’d played more games... If only I’d watched more anime...!
C-Chin up...
I’ve been... appropriating nerd culture...!
Cough! Hack!
Starting from there again?
My dear Shuichiro... If you yourself
......!
The nun speaks the truth.
It’s not too late.
Isumi. Noah. Taeka.
I will become a truly exemplary nerd... and invent fantasy girlfriends who melt my nerd brain!
......
......
......
Your determination is so hot it’s fucking disgusting.
......♡
We’re here to help! I know, how about we have a Japanese actress pretend to be foreign? People love that! I’m half foreign myself, so I’ll go ahead and start putting on an accent!
I’m so fortunate to have people who support me like this.
Tsundere! I’ll be a tsundere! The Internet says they’re the best, and the Internet would never lie...!
I’m so, so happy that I’m not alone.
Look at these former sickos, joining hands to make their own way in the world! It warms the cockles of your heart, doesn’t it, Jules?
......
...If you’re waiting for me to play the straight man you’ll be waiting a while.
What do I have to do to become a nerd?
It turns out, I have to do a special training program.
Hmph. Shouldn’t you start by catching up on some anime and playing some games?
Wouldn’t you know it, I have a bandana and a shirt with a girl’s face in it for
She’s the type to start a hobby by buying all the gear.
I’mma wear it.
He’s the type of nerd who says yes to everything.
What do you two think?
‘Hell to the yeah.’
I’m the type of nerd who says yes to your type of nerd.
Now all you have to do is spread information of dubious providence on the Internet.
Roflmao.
Perhaps try hacking into a government agency?
I know Kung Fu... baby.
Ew, he’s an
Straight outta the naughty aughties.
Becoming a nerd is very difficult.
Is it even possible to be a nerd on purpose? I think you might have to get hooked naturally.
I’m hoping to be the exception!
I’ve never especially clicked with any kind of content in particular.
I’m a fan of watches and sneakers, but am content to look at pictures and don’t feel the need to collect.
Just latch onto a specific piece of art and make a shared language out of the most meme-able lines, then imagine whatever else you want and project it onto the thing however badly it fits.
Then go ahead and idolize whoever has the craziest fan theories, and blammo! You’re a nerd. Kind of.
Story writers, probably aren’t thinking about anything that complicated...
Noah isn’t making those people sound good, but it would be nice to go in with a tour guide who could explain the art to me.
Having another fresh perspective like that might actually increase my attachment to whatever we’re looking at.
Should I make a friend or something?
What’s wrong with Kurebayashi? I don’t know, she seems familiar enough with this stuff to me.
Well,
Noah is too focused on nitpicking everything. She’s fully invested in only seeing the mistakes.
......
She does act that way, sometimes.
It might be a comfort for an amateur explorer like me to go in with a pilot who can enjoy the material.
...Sorry, I’ll be more careful.
I need a friend... or, in the context of nerddom, maybe something more like a boss.
Don’t you have the perfect micromanager right here?
Me...?
The prisoners all called you ‘boss,’ didn’t they?
Come to think of it, she 
No, no, no, I only dabble! I could never claim to be a genuine
That sounds like something a real nerd would say.
I almost forgot because she doesn’t look the part.
I think... I’ll want to avoid mecha stuff.
......!
When l see big human-shaped robots fighting... it just feels fake.
!!!!!!
I
Why don’t you try watching a few episodes? They say you ought to try anything once.
Getting lots of inputs, is important.
Okay, if it’s that important to you.
With both of them pushing me, I decide to obey.
I’m definitely not getting into mecha anime.
The image is really... grainy.
Wow, now he’s bragging about the power of his onboard AI...
Huh. This shot makes the robot look about a hundred times bigger than a person.
He has such a bad mom. I can sympathize.
Does this speech have anything to do with the plot?
......
.........
......
(END)
