.........
|Omph, nomph|... So, Shuichiro? Are you hooked yet?
No way.
Oh-ho? Maybe it’s not to your taste...?
I’m totally not hooked. At all.
You’ve had your eyes glued to the monitor for three days straight, my dear.
Not in front of my employees, Julia.
Look who’s Mr. Serious in public now! You nerd!
Wahahahahahaha!
Where’s the shame in admitting if you’ve gotten addicted...?
I could |never|... say that.
Why not?
Compared to the Captain here... I’m still just a noob.
Naw, I’m not a real fan! I still haven’t even finished reading two of the non-film-based books.
It’s like you know everything, boss!
Ho, ho, ho!
Ha, ha, ha!
What’s going on?
I didn’t anticipate he would get hooked this hard.
I never thought about how bad the home environments are for all the protagonists in that series. I guess it resonates with Shuichiro.
Veritably. First you bond with the characters, then, you binge. It’s inevitable.
Ahaha! I’m just cracking up watching a former inmate get so cozy with a guard!
Is it |that| funny?
I simply must put this up on Cumblr. Say cheese!
She’s so quick on her feet, we should check them for wings.
I’ve got wings on my shoes.
Captain Yamagishi, are you... literally me?
I think I might be...!
I don’t follow.
Hello, can you hear me? Thug, dear? Yes, this is the fake nun. I’ve sent you a picture, so please take a look!
Our next browser game... should be mecha.
Where are, the girls...?
Can Taeka even draw giant robots?
Oof!
These are |serious| robots!
You’re, scaring me...
Shuichiro, dear? Your thug would like a word.
You’ve reached Lale Inc. This is Chief Executive Uchiro speaking. Yes... Yes. That’s correct, yes. Big sorry, bro.
What did she say?
Nerds who start shouting when they get worked up are an embarrassment to nerds everywhere. I should reflect on my actions. Also, she’s not good at robots.
She got mad at you, huh?
I’ll reflect on my actions.
I’ve reflected on my actions.
Freak-tier executive function.
Put that power into the proposal.
Captain Yamagishi’s explanations are always very clear to me.
Chronologically speaking, you’d want to check this one out next. It’s the one where the protagonist gets shot to death.
The one where the protagonist gets shot to death?
Personally, I feel like you might be better off reading the |novelization| of the one where the protagonist gets shot to death. Something about, like, the nuance of the characterization.
The one... where the protagonist gets shot to death.
As we watch, she explains that you have to go online and look up the structure or you’ll never manage to see everything.
But... I’m not good with big words.
Hmph... Then I’ll read it to you before bed, how’s that?!
Yay!
With her, everything seems way more interesting than it would on my own.
Also, to get you really familiar with the designs, you’re going to have to build some plastic models! It’s mandatory!
They’re so drab.
Some of them come pre-painted and you just snap them together, but just like with anime, it’s better to start at the beginning! Let’s get your feet wet with some older kits first!
I never thought the day would come when I would be assembling a plastic model robot.
The legs... won’t move.
You just need to cut off this part here. Then, replace it with |this| one from a different kit, and voila...
It moves...!
I certainly never expected it to be so much fun.
What’s so interesting about it?
For reference. For reference!
......
It’s difficult to explain. Would you mind if I used emojis instead?
Emojis...
Like this.
Or like this.
Oh, do you want to watch with us...?!
Okay...
Captain Yamagishi turns out to be the optimal person to share hobbies with.
Now that you’re good and warmed up, this one’s next.
The robot has a mustache.
This is my favorite series of the whole lot. I confess I kind of love it. You |must| absorb it all!
I... can’t say it looks cool.
She knows a lot of things I don’t, and she always knows what we should watch next.
The way this is going... there’s no way it will be good.
She’s a kind of Fun Professor who teaches me about all the fun things in the world.
She’s a role model and inspiration in a different way from people like Mr. Kugitani and Doctor Higuchi.
...The robot is cool when it moves...!!!
It sure is, huh?!
The leg thrusters are great! It moves like it’s skating! Its swords are so skinny! The design is so organic!
Spending time together isn’t tiring. I don’t have to think too much.
Exactly! It’s designed to be able to move and you’d THINK that just makes it look more organic but because it’s so functional it lets the animators go hog wild during the combat scenes!
She’s really loud, but comfortable to be around.
Whoaaaaaaaaa!
She’s like an older friend who really gets me.
As I’ve never had many friends, this makes me very happy.
Friendliness is next to godliness... but it’s a comfortable distance from the hot and heavy smut he’s |supposed| to be working on.
It’s fine if he wants to take a break. He’s been busting his ass lately and seemed kind of stuck, but...
It’s a lonely how we’re being left out. They’re in their own little world.
Shall I pop over and ruin the atmosphere?
We |ought| to stop her, huh.
Stop. Don’t. Come back.
Shuichiro, dear! Do you have a moment?
What is it? I’m busy.
Hehehe, it’s nothing serious.
Have you noticed... that Himeru has rather large breasts?
......
It’s hard to tell when she’s wearing clothes.
All the muscle makes it hard to tell, but they’re actually really soft. Her hips are curvy, her skin is pert and smooth, and she even smells good... wouldn’t you say?
......?
Is that so?
Yes! Anyway, sorry to have interrupted!
Do you want to watch this with us...?!
No, no, I’m quite all right.
Well, that was a bust!
Incompetence.
Crappy Crappymori-tier crappity-crap.
Hehehe. Well, I don’t know about |that|.
Captain Yamagishi is very straightforward. What you see is what you get, good or bad.
Now that I think about it, that’s rare among the people around me.
As we work our way through the “|oeuvre|,” we also come across shows that aren’t as good.
I don’t... understand what’s happening.
Huh... Well, I guess it’s more obvious if you’ve read all the books, but the latest release was four volumes and they’re all pretty thick...
The protagonist’s name is weird.
That’s true, but it adds flavor.
I don’t like how the robots are 3D either. It takes me out of the experience.
I don’t just |not like| it—I think it’s bad.
The effects and dialogue are all on point, so it feels almost as if this one element is purposely ruining the entire show.
It’s unbearable.
I think I would like to complain. Is there a number I can call?
Better not—that’s how you turn into a problem customer. Stick to the socials.
But... social media is bad.
Why’s that?
I’ve... been bullied on it before.
It made me very sad, and...
Yikes, shitpost incoming.
Hgrgh!
You’ve got a real classic-fighting-game hitbox, huh?
Like this.
It was like that.
That’s a normal response. I’d be devastated if people were badmouthing me behind my back. Imagine if my nickname were secretly ‘Ahegao’ or something!
I feel a little bit of that sadness again.
So I... don’t want to point out the show’s weaknesses.
I don’t |want| to, but...
It’s precisely because I love it so much that I get so frustrated sometimes.
And with no way to let it up, that frustration can fester inside me.
I’d say it’s fine to complain if you wanna!
Captain Yamagishi bulldozes my concerns with a smile.
This stuff is always in the eye of the beholder, and the way you react can always change. Even just based on your physical condition.
Physical? How?
When I’m on my period, all the prissy princess characters piss me off.
If you cross a line into abuse, then that’s ethically bad. But you paid for the product, so I think you’ve got the right to voice the things you don’t like. Just be ready to get back as good as you give, Minato.
Having paid money, I have the right to complain.
I think so too.
But if anyone said those things to me... it would be painful.
Everyone here at Lale is still human, so if people say we suck or that we’re shit, then that hurts, and also it pisses us off.
Chisato keeps trying to post counterarguments and only stops when Taeka and Noah physically hold her back.
When you’re misunderstood, you want to clarify.
You want to explain your reasoning.
You end up taking the harshest words to heart.
Then how about you think about it this way?
‘Everyone has the right to complain, but I’ve got no obligation to listen.’
I’ll do my own thing. Fans will always complain sometimes, but they shouldn’t expect anyone to be listening.
What do you mean?
It means that you can’t expect anyone to fix their work to address your complaints. If you think you can control everything the way you want, then your ego is out of control.
But if you hear a complaint and you agree with it, Minato, then won’t you want to change the thing you make next time?
If there was a valid complaint that I hadn’t noticed, then yes, I think I would want to address it.
I feel like anything else would be a betrayal of my own feelings.
You paid for something, you watched it, and you said what you thought was wrong with it. The next step depends on the people who made it. From the buyer’s perspective... it’s out of your hands.
I look upon the face of wisdom.
Captain Yamagishi knows so much about anime, and she’s really media-literate too.
Captain Yamagishi... are you really smart?
Naw, I wasn’t much good at school! But I’ve always been able to remember stuff when it comes to the things I like. I |was| always good in history class!
Come to think of it, I once heard that Captain Yamagishi had breezed through some kind of difficult civil servant exam.
And Sofurin once mentioned that she knew someone who could get obsessively focused.
It’s true that art also belongs to the fans, but in any organization you need a clear chain of command. Not that I really thought about it before I started to work at the prison...
Anyway, the ones who made the thing are the ones who make the decisions. That’s what it means to take responsibility for what you create.
That’s not to cast any shade on the people who buy and support the creators. Their feelings and their money are just as real and just as positive.
We make games together.
So the people around me have always been my fellow creators.
All I’ve ever wanted to do is keep on having fun making things together.
I’m not a creative type myself, so all I can do is throw money at the things I love. I get a lot from them so I give back what I can.
But there have been people like her buying the games I made.
Having fun playing what we all made together.
And anyway, spending money feels damn good!
Supporting us from out of sight.
......
I don’t think I really understood before who “the users” were.
The way things were going, I might never have noticed.
I bet it’s not all unicorns and rainbows on the creative side, either. There must be a lot of difficulties I’ve never even thought of.
Only by becoming a fan myself have I finally understood the truth of this dynamic.
That’s why I love to see people like you working so hard!
I want to make people like her happy.
I want to create things that bring people like her—our users—joy.
......
I feel a spark as a new connection comes together in my mind.
And from that moment on, my work on the proposal proceeds at a burning pace.
......!
I’d been stuck on the character concepts, but with the benefits of a wealth of new reference points to draw on from all the anime I’ve watched, they almost seem to write themselves.
My new direction is decided—to make our users happy, I’ll create characters that everyone will love.
See this here? We get to the ending, and then with zero foreshadowing we find out that she’s been hooking up with the rival all along. This is bad.
I see...!
By understanding what factors cause the users to hate characters, I can make ones they’ll love by the process of elimination.
And while I’m pumping out all this work, Captain Yamagishi manages our day-to-day.
Apparently this is called the Pomodoro Technique: You split your work into twenty-five-minute sections and take five-minute breaks in between. Now, BEGIN!
Her experience as a guard must help, because she’s great at managing us.
STOP! Break time. Wow, you got all that done?! You’re a genius!
Hehe!
When you get bogged down, you stop being productive! Go take a walk by the sea and relax!
It’s so pleasantly brisk.
Captain Yamagishi is incredibly nice.
You’re the |only| one Sister Julia avoids like that, you know.
Really?! Naw, I’m sure she avoids plenty of people... hehe...
When she seems happy, I feel happy myself.
I want her to be even happier.
Talk to her more.
Hard pass.
......
...He’s doing better, huh, Noah?
Yes, that’s a fair assessment, Kane.
...And the whole thing turns around the main character’s commitment to fight anyone who doesn’t value human life, no matter who they are. That’s the part that makes me cry!
The proposal is... looking pretty good, too.
Yeah, with the one slight problem that there’s still no main heroine.
When they brought that series back, and the main character was a perfect modern hero who can do his job but doesn’t understand people...?!
It’s a good thing Shuichiro is having fun, right?
Yeah, I’m thrilled to see it, but...
That was so good! And then I cried again at the ending, when he finally stands up on his own two feet!
This is fine... right...?
I mean, it’s |Ahegao|, right? I’m sure we’ve got nothing to worry about... Hahaha.
Shuichiro... really |really| likes older women...
The older the better, eh...?
B-But they just seem like friends, right...? And, she’ll have to go back to the prison... eventually...
Exactly! And once she goes back to the prison they won’t get to meet, so we don’t have to worry, but I’m going go ahead and tell Taeka anyway!
......?
Ahahahaha! For all of your cunning, you’re all still so young.
The nun is having fun for some mysterious reason.
(END)
But the day finally comes when it’s time for her to leave.
Captain Yamagishi would make a fuss if she got to say goodbye, so the nun makes her departure sharp and sudden.
Why did you get so close to Captain Yamagishi?
While helping her carry her bulky suitcase, I ask.
To put it simply, hmm... She discovered a tiny little secret I’d been been concealing, and things rather spiraled from there.
A secret?
It wasn’t as if I could make her unsee anything, and I thought showing some weakness might give me a hold on her heart.
And then?
And then, well, she’s a moron so I couldn’t control her at all♡
It was then that a revelation came upon me... ‘you’ve got to be pickier with people.’
Leave it to Captain Yamagishi to be too much for a literal nun.
She may be an idiot and utterly out of control, but she’s the type who keeps her promises.
She’s very fun and surprisingly nice. When I was a prisoner, I thought she was scary.
Scary?
I wasn’t scared of her. She was just loud, but now... she feels much closer. Very friendly.
She’s even happy to laugh along with the prisoners she used to control.
Even though she used to crack down on us so hard. I’m not sure how she handles it.
She’s an absolute fountain of self-confidence, that girl. It’s probably because she was raised with so much love. Although it’s also left her as stunted as a child when it comes to romance.
Unlike us, eh?
......
She sees the world in black and white and doesn’t compromise. She isn’t especially bright, but she hews to the doctrine of innate goodness.
That is, she believes that everyone in the world is fundamentally a good person.
Once again, unlike you and me...
When I escaped, she let me go.
In other words, she’s my polar opposite. That’s why I don’t get along with her, and why I find her |something| of a pain in the ass...
The way she acts might not be possible if she didn’t assume the best of everyone deep down.
Your projects stall out when you lack stimulation. Wouldn’t you say, dear Shuichiro?
Suddenly, the nun has changed the topic.
One day, the rush of creation will stop being enough to keep you fulfilled. You’ll stop finding meaning in most things in life. Your everyday routine will transform into drudgery.
And you won’t be able to endure the boredom.
That’s just a little advice from someone who’s walked your road before... dear Shuichiro.
Sister Julia’s words innately resonate with me.
If I just plod along making games, then one day the entire process will become rote.
In that case... I’ll just have to look until I can find a new source of stimulation in some part of the process.
Yes, precisely! And whether that stimulus be a good thing or bad—well, I suppose that’s a difference between you and me...
I’ll have to keep looking for new inspiration within my everyday life.
By combatting my boredom, I will control my impulses.
I’ll keep creating fresh things till the day I die.
Because I don’t expect to quit making games before then.
Hehe. I thought you might find dear Himeru quite stimulating in that sense... just as I once was, eh, dear Shuichiro?
Her boat will be here soon.
I say I’m going home, but it’s not as if I have one. Perhaps I’ll go abroad again? I hear Manila is lovely this time of year, and I left one or two things at the prison that I’ve been missing.
Sister Julia will probably go far away again.
She’s a drifter at heart, able to pick up and leave whenever she has to.
A form of stimulation I use to keep myself in control. Are you jealous?
Not especially.
I’m happier to have a home to go back to.
Happiest to have a home I |want| to go back to.
Oh me, oh my. Another little difference between us.
With that, she departs with her usual smile—that insect-eyed woman who’s so much like me.
I’m so close I can see the finish line.
Great work! Now, let me see... there’s just one blank spot here for the girl in the middle.
That’s the one thing I haven’t decided.
The main girl gets the most screen time, so she has to be the most lovable of them all.
Taeka says I need to “put a little extra sauce into her.”
I... can’t figure out how she should be.
I feel like I still haven’t fully grasped whatever it is that makes a character “lovable.”
Let’s stop and call it a day. It’s time to turn our brains off!
I want to see Episode 50 again...!
Let’s watch it! Wait, no, we should go back to Episode 49 so we can get back in the context.
When I get stuck like this, the best thing to do is to create a little slack by taking a solid break.
We’ve pulled a sofa up in front of the big monitor we bought a while back.
Do you want to get changed?
Naw, I’d rather get start watching. Okay, so, snacks and juice and... Hey, Minato, you want a soda? Orange juice?
I’ll take... a soda.
I don’t go for fizzy stuff so I’ll grab a jasmine tea.
Munching on chips and sipping drinks while watching an anime I enjoy is almost |too| fun.
Ooh, these are good chips? Are they organic or something?
They’re normal. You’re just too rich, Captain, so you’re not used to genuine junk food.
Watching a show I like with a fellow enjoyer makes it |even more| the best thing ever.
Look at that sakuga! And the way the characters cut in like that, other directors just don’t |do| this stuff.
But it didn’t come off as forced or weird at all... So cool.
Captain Yamagishi already knows everything, so I don’t have to hold anything back when I talk to her.
Hoooo...! I just love the storyboarding for this fight scene! The way the two of them talk past each other is actually super tense too...!
One moment you’re in the middle of a dogfight, but then when the sound cuts out and they hit you with the emotional scene it really lands!
Yes, yes, yes, you get it! The way they show the contrast between the two queens is just so choice!
We tend to like a lot of the same parts, too.
This part! Go back, go back...!
This cut right here, right? Where the camera swoops up from underneath?
Even when we rewind the same scene over and over, she still seems to be having fun.
Good shit, huh?
Good shit...
She understands even when I don’t fully explain myself.
Having never had many friends before, I haven’t experienced this kind of playful back and forth.
Look at the animation here where the scrap metal goes flying! Boom, there goes your torso!
Oof! And then he grabs the arm, like this!
Hrk! And then they grab each other and start grappling...!
And then there’s the headshot.
Why, you little...!
If I’d had friends in my class at school, this might be how we would have acted.
Wah.
Oh.
Our feet slip and we fall.
......
......
I end up on top of Captain Yamagishi.
Whoops, lost my footing...!
Lost... my footing...
You’re a lot stronger than I expected, Minato.
I used to... work out.
You remember right after you got incarcerated? I pinned you down, and I was surprised back then that you were such a scrawny kid...
I’m... much taller now, too.
......
......
A strange silence falls over us.
I don’t know what to say.
It sure takes me back... They might be bad memories for you, Minato, but for me the memories are a little... nostalgic...
Captain Yamagishi is very soft.
Extremely soft.
Something the nun told me drifts through my mind.
Have you noticed... that Himeru has rather large breasts?
I find myself recalling those words very, very clearly.
This person is my former prison guard, and she loves mecha anime, and she’s kind of shouty.
But she’s |also| a woman.
Captain Yamagishi...
Yeah...? What’s up?
Is there a reason you’re so... shouty?
Ah, yeah, it’s ’cause I used to go to a girls’ school, and... when I get careless, I slip back into that voice. Right after I signed on at the prison, I got chewed out by Warden Yugao for it.
So you... use anime as a model instead?
Yeah... People tell me I talk weird sometimes, but I don’t really hear it, myself...
She’s a woman. The opposite sex.
A |moé| character... from a certain point of view.
Could you... try talking in your real voice?
Ehh...? I’d rather not...
Please.
I feel like... I’m approaching a discovery.
......
Well, |I| find this... mortifying...
—————————
It’s a revelation.
In a single instant, I accept the true essence of “gap |moé|.”
It’s finished...!
Having completed the proposal, I save it as a PDF and pass it around to the creative team.
So the main heroine’s finished? Okay, lemme see...
She’s normally a domineering type, but when you hit her where she’s weak she goes soft on the spot...?
Sounds like somebody’s a fan of gap |moé|. Yeah, smells like money to me!
Yay...!
Let’s send the whole proposal, to Taeka...! I hope everyone likes it.
It’s been a long and hard-fought battle.
But I’m satisfied with the result, I think.
We did it, Captain Yamagishi!
Did ya? Great job. Good boy!
It’s all thanks to you, Captain!
...! I feel like I’ve just made friends with a difficult cat... Hmm...mmh! Well, aren’t you a cutie!
She hugs me.
......!!!
I can feel her breasts.
That’s the last straw! Die, villain, for the peace of Lale!
I don’t think it would have affected me before.
Do it, Noah! She’s gone too far this time!
But now that I know how soft Captain Yamagishi is, it sets my heart pounding.
......
It’s yet another new discovery.
She’s been bringing me a lot of new discoveries lately.
I feel like I’ve developed a... new type of instinct.
It’s telling me that I’m on the brink of one more big discovery.
Well, if the proposal’s done... then I guess it’s time I get back to my own job.
!!!!!!
Warden Yugao called yesterday. I have to come back, and I don’t have infinite vacation days, and I’m technically out of them already and she’s gonna hit me for |real|. I’m thinking it’s about time.
......!!!!!!
Don’t worry. I made enough food for you all to live another week! And I think the proposal’s gonna be just fine.
Captain Yamagishi crows with confidence.
I went all out on tonight’s dinner, too! Ginger pork with lettuce, as much as you can eat!
Yay!
......
For some reason, I feel a powerful disturbance in my chest.
I’m sitting on the couch with Captain Yamagishi after dinner.
Will things be okay with your family and the marriage?
My mother’s quite understanding, so it should be fine. I’m still young, and she’ll probably give me another four or five years. If I’m not married by then, I’ll be in serious trouble.
Five years...
Given it’s gotta be someone my family approves of, that’s just how high the hurdle is. Especially after the current effort falls apart. So I should have about five years.
Captain Yamagishi is about to go away.
I’ll be lonely.
You’ll be |what?|
That’s the difference between me and the nun.
I’m... going to miss you.
Yeah, I just |bet| you’re gonna miss your automatic food supply.
I’d like you to stay a little longer.
But it’s my duty to guide lost souls like you back to the light! I pride myself on my work with prisoners.
She remains a bulldozer of good cheer.
But for my part, I feel lonely.
Why? I’m less sure about that part.
I understand it... as little as I understand the romance in this series.
I say, as we watch Episode II of the theatrical cut.
They’re never depicted as really liking each other, but the moment they get alone together the characters start kissing.
I think it’s fair to say that modern shows make those parts a little clearer.
Do the characters even like each other?
It depends—and half the romance in this show is maneuvering anyway—but some of it does come from a deeper connection.
Really?
They kiss to check whether they’re really in love. And sometimes they end up spitting on the ground to get the taste out.
That’s confusing.
They’ll try calling each other by name instead of rank and judge the distance by whether the other person gets mad.
That’s very confusing.
You’ve got to be able to read between the lines! Might be a bit too much for you, eh, Minato? You big baby!
I’m not as much of a baby as Captain Yamagishi thinks.
In fact, many people have told me that I am mature for my age.
Here, I whipped up a batch of homemade potato chips. I’ll leave you with some supply stocked up. They’re organic or something.
Oops.
Whoopsie.
Captain Yamagishi falls down at an odd angle in an effort to keep the chips from going everywhere.
I find myself on top of her again.
......
......
My head is confused.
Could you please move...? Um. My. Is it me, or is it warm in here...?
It’s not that I don’t know what to do. It’s that I’m not sure what I |want| to do.
I can’t really think, but my mind goes back to the most recent anime we watched.
Two people, alone, faces close together...
Mm...
I lean in close and exchange a meaningful kiss.
Ehh...? W-Why...?
With Captain Yamagishi.
Himeru.
Ehhh...?
I tried kissing Himeru to see how it would make me feel.
I love you.
Ehhhh...?!
It turns out kissing Himeru makes me feel very happy.
It would appear that over the past few days, I have been falling for her.
......Eh...
Her voice keeps squeaking up and down.
Suddenly, it’s as if all she can say is “eh.”
How cute.
How about you, Himeru?
Ehhhhh...?
I love you.
W-Well, I don’t know what to... that is, I’ve... never had a gentleman say that to me before...
Was there anything wrong with that kiss?
N-No...
Did you want me to take my sunglasses off?
No... well, you’re not even wearing sunglasses, so...
If you had to rate it one way or the other?
I... might have liked it...?
Himeru doesn’t seem to have hated it either.
That’s a huge relief, I think to myself.
Eh? Ehhh...? Why are my clothes coming off...?
......
Hey... Minato...?
I really want to do... something sexual.
Eeehhhhh...?
I want to do sexual things right now.
I want to do them very, very badly.
Should I stop?
...No, you. Minato? Ehh...? I never even thought about...
I never thought about it until a minute ago, either.
I’ve never even had sex before...!
Neither have I.
I oughtn’t to be with a man before marriage...
You used to help with Chapter 69.
WELL I NEVER KISSED THEM!
Cute.
This is only wanting me want to have sex more.
I never knew that loving someone made you want to have sex.
Should I not?
D-Don’t make that face... I can’t believe this is happening, you’re much too young for me...
She shifts her eyes off to the side, embarrassed.
...But... You may... proceed.
I have obtained consent.
I rip her shirt open.
Ehhhh...? Am I going along with this a little too much...?
If I’m setting the mood... then I’m doing my job as a man.
Eeehhhh...? Is that so...?
(END)
Now, please... put your hand here.
Eeeehhhhh...
I have her hold herself up against the wall and stick her butt out towards me.
She seems a little unsteady, so I loop an arm around to steady her.
Eeeek... This is getting scary...!
There, there.
She’s jiggling her butt.
Won’t people hear us if we do it like this...? We’re in trouble if Kurokane or Kurebayashi sees...
It’s fine. They’re napping in the other room...!
Her uniform pants are halfway down, but they get stuck on something and won’t come all the way off.
Please have a look at this.
Wow. Penis.
This is going in you.
No it shan’t! It shan’t fit!
She slides back into little-lady mode.
That’s cute, I think to myself.
There’s simply no way that thing will make it inside me!
Are you sure?
Your protrusion is simply too large in proportion to the size of my own lady parts!
It might be.
It’s entirely terrifying!
Maybe I should stop after all?
When you put it like that |no| I don’t want you to stop!!!
Which is it?
I confess I’m... |interested|. After all I’ve, um, done a great deal of book-based research on the topic?
Research.
As a prison guard, I must always be striving to better understand my charges, so as best to manage the sicko inmates under my jurisdiction.
You read a lot of books, huh?
Yes, and, well... one develops an interest. What is the sort of depravity all these filthy perverts get up to... really like?
Understandable.
But the more I studied, the more fearsome it got... The pain of losing one’s virginity, the risk of STDs, and the number of children born out of wedlock each year!
But?
It’s supposed to feel really good anyway...!
I’ll also note that talking like this is still embarrassing...
Keep doing it.
Everyone will make fun of me.
I’ll talk the same way, don’t worry.
Please excuse my penis; I’ll be inserting it momentarily.
You mean your rigid member?!
If you prefer.
It’s too big! It simply won’t fit inside...!
That’s what she said.
I suppose it is...
The thought that we’re about to have sex sends a twinge through my chest.
But I can’t just jam it in.
If I put it in too fast... it will hurt.
I |knew| it...!
I know a lot about sex.
|Do| you...!
After all, I’m a sicko... inmate.
An indecent exposer...
And... I make porn games.
I know a lot about eroge, so it’s safe to say that I’m already a near-total master of sex.
We have to... do foreplay. To get the pussy wet.
If eroge don’t teach you how to have sex, then frankly, I’m not sure |what| they’re for.
Please excuse me as I fondle your breasts.
At your leisure...
I try touching them from my position behind her.
Incredible... They really are soft.
Her skin is perfectly smooth, too, and it feels nice how my fingers slide right over it.
Hyeeehhhh...! You’re touching my breasts...! I’m being fondled...!
However, she doesn’t pant and moan like in a porn game.
These must be... your nipples.
My nipples are being looked at...! My nipples are being scrutinized...!
They’re pink and pretty.
Nipples are kinda small, huh...
But it feels nice to knead them.
I’m being kneaded...! There’s this very |’ooh’|, very strange sensation...!
This isn’t quite like an eroge.
How strange. I question whether I’m doing it wrong.
After all, my knowledge comes from eroge, and eroge would never lie.
I’ll try kissing the nape of your neck.
Hyeeeeehhhh!
That was loud.
That one made me shiver! As though struck...!
I wonder why.
This is weird... I feel so strange...!
She seems to be enjoying that, so I keep it up.
Oh... mh... ah! What...? Why my neck...? Isn’t it supposed to be, my breasts...?
Seems to work better up here.
Himeru’s neck smells like flowers.
Like very expensive hair conditioner mixed with makeup and beauty products.
Ooh... mmh, hhhh...! Are you, toying with me...eee...?!
Somehow, there also seems to be another, much lewder scent mixed in.
I can’t stop licking.
You taste good.
Ehhhh...? Do I...?
The way she’s trembling is cute, too.
I want to... put it in.
Do you think it will fit...? However I look at it, it simply looks impossible...
I’ll stop the second it hurts.
Really...? You promise?
Trust me.
All right, then... at your... leisure...?
She squirms, but she gives me the go-ahead.
I draw my hips back and line myself up.
I hope I’m not strange or anything... down there...
I wouldn’t know, but I expect it’s normal.
But the other people’s I saw in the prison, looked... sort of, more like open petals...
Did they...?
Himeru’s private parts are pink and seem almost sealed off, the way the sides are pressing in together.
I don’t know how they usually look when women have sex.
Okay... I’m putting it in.
I’m scared...! I’m frightened...!
......
Aaaaahhh...! Hyyeeeeeyyyhhh...!
......
Hyaaaaaaawwwwwwww...!
You’re being a little... loud.
All her practice yelling shows in her vocalizations.
I want to put it in, though, so I make a proposal.
I’ll put it in on three, two, one.
A-All right... Got it...!
Three.
In on one? Or on zero?
On two.
Eeehyyyyaaaahhhhh!!!
Two is too much, even for a local rule! Haaaaaaaahhhh...!!!
Hm...?
Huh. That wasn’t such a big deal after all.
Apparently, it’s no big deal.
Is that so?
I do a good amount of martial arts at the prison, so I guess I’m used to pain anyway.
But having a big, burly thing like that in me, I honestly thought it’d hurt like a bitch...
How does it feel?
‘Welp, it sure is in there...’
Welp, it sure in there...
It... sure is in there.
How about you, Minato? About my, um... body’s hidden passions.
It feels... really good.
This space in between her legs is much hotter than I imagined.
Tight as can be, squeezing around me.
But it’s also soft and warm, enveloping, like a nice hug.
I never thought I’d have sex in this uniform.
I didn’t, either.
Her speech is back out of little-lady mode.
Come to think of it, I’m not wearing a condom.
I’m not wearing a condom.
Eh? Ahhyauoughhh! That won’t do, that won’t do! You’ll get me with child!
Come to think of it, Seiran Island gives out low-dose birth control pills.
But you’re on the pill.
Ahh, that’s right, I suppose I am.
She relaxes.
It seems that sex is easier than Himeru had thought it would be.
Man, I can’t believe I was so scared of sex.
Finding out it isn’t a big deal comes as |such| a relief.
......!!!
Blood floods into my head.
I |must| make her moan—I think to myself.
Kh...!
Ooh...! I guess I |do| feel it when you move, huh...!
How does it feel?
It hurts a little, but... it’s not all that unpleasant. Pretty easy to deal with.
She smiles mischievously back at me.
Contemplating the best way to wipe that confident smirk off her face...
I try thrusting really fast.
Kh...♡ What, are you trying to kill me?!
It’s not very effective...
Speeding up makes people moan louder in eroge, but not now.
I try grinding around deep inside her instead.
Yowch...♡
She lets out a strained moan, as if I’ve jostled her intestines or something.
Hmmrgh...♡ It, uh♡ kinda hurts, or at least it’s uncomfortable...
Going deeper always makes people cum harder in eroge, but not now.
I question whether Himeru is some kind of an exception. None of my know-how applies to her.
I can’t believe it feels so different when you change how you move... but yeah, it’s not as good as all the sickos used to say.
I don’t really know what I’m doing...
But it’s as if the act of sex has my head in a death grip.
Mh... You’re really working those hips, huh... That’s kinda cute...
Himeru seems unbothered, but my hips won’t stop moving.
I try to grit my teeth and push through. It doesn’t work.
......!!!
I cum.
Ohh...♡ You’re twitching, so... I guess this is what it feels like when you ejaculate!
She notices right away, maybe because she’s used to seeing it from Chapter 69.
I’ve been so busy working on the proposal lately that I haven’t cum in some time. That’s partly why.
Haahhh...! Haaahhh...! Hhhhhgh...!
I cum a whole lot.
It’s running down my thighs... I guess sex makes you cum more...? Maybe.
It feels extremely good.
Did that feel good...? It was faster than I expected, but... I guess it’s natural when you’re still just a kid.
Am I a baby...?
You’re a sweet boy. Hm...?
Feeling frustration, I start pumping again.
Mmh...♡ But you already came. Are you sure you can keep going?
I’m still rock-hard...!
Her pussy is still sopping wet with my cum, allowing my rod to move more freely than before.
There’s a good lad. If you were facing my way, I’d even pat you on the head.
Damn it...!
My member almost slips out of her, and I end up thrusting at a slightly shallower spot.
Mmhh...♡
Then, Himeru makes a noise I haven’t heard before.
That felt... kind of like something was going to come out, but... farther away.
‘Something’?
I don’t know... pee, maybe? Mmh...♡
I try making the same move again.
But farther away.
If you keep doing that, it feels like it’s getting closer... What |is| this...?♡
Her right shoulder twitches in a little circle.
I think I might have found her weak point.
Okay, so if I go faster here—
Ah, no, that’s wrong.
Apparently that’s not right.
I imagine the spot she said was good in my mind and shake my hips so as to be sure to hit it.
Ooh♡ That... oh...♡ That’s, pretty... pretty, good...♡
It doesn’t feel any different for my penis, so my imagination has to do a lot of the work.
Ooooohhh...♡
I focus intensely, trying not to let this spot I’ve found escape.
That’s wonderful... Shit, that’s maddening...
Going faster seems to mess it up, so I try to maintain a consistent pace.
Ahh, there... right there, that’s the spot! That’s precisely it...!
It feels the same as everywhere else... to me.
I don’t feel it, so it’s hard to believe it’s real.
But Himeru’s whole back is spasming.
How do you like it?
Very well...♡
It seems that what feels best for me is not always what feels best for my partner.
Sex is very deep... I think to myself.
Hah, ahh...♡ Ahhhh♡ Ahh...mmhhhah♡
But still, I’m glad that what I’m doing is making her happy.
It makes me feel more comfortable with myself.
Unf...! Unf...! Unf...!
Hhhaaaaaaahhhhh...♡
Unf...! Unf...! Unf...!
Mmmhhwwwoooaaaaaaahhhhh...♡
You’re making... a lot of noise.
Himeru always shouts a lot, so I’m not surprised when her moaning gets loud too.
Because letting one’s voice out feels good...♡
I’ll try it too.
I used to do a lot of shouting over the noise of the coal mines, so I have confidence in my volume.
Hahhh...♡ Ahhh...♡ Aaahhh♡♡|Mmmhhahhhhh!!!♡
Hahhh! Ahhh! Ooohhh! Haahhh! Oooohhh!
......!
She’s right. Making noise |does| feel better.
This realization removes the muffler from my mind.
UNF! UNF! UNF! UNF!!!
Maddening♡ Mhhahh♡|Drat, that’s driving me mad♡♡♡
I’ve been hitting this whole spot the whole time, but it seems that the pleasure has been spreading out from there.
If I hadn’t already cum earlier, I would probably be blowing my load inside her right now.
Ooooohhh♡
Humph! Humph! Hummmph! Hummmph!♡
I’m still approaching my limit fast.
I’m gonna bust!
Ehhhh, what?!
I’m gonna bust!
Whaaaaaaaaaat?!
I’ll be climaxing shortly.
Ah, thank you, I understand.
Moving my hips was difficult at first, but I’m getting the hang of it now.
Ooh, I can feel it getting closer♡ Something is approaching♡
What’s ‘something’?
Making sure that I keep hitting her sweet spot, I increase my pace until it gets me there too.
It feels as if I’m going to wet myself♡ It’s driving me mad♡
That’s fine! Go crazy, I’m going crazy too!!!
You’ve always been mad, Minato♡ Hahhh♡ Mhh♡ Hahh♡ Ahh♡ Aahhhh...!!!♡♡♡
I hit my limit.
Haaaahhhhhhhhh!!!
I’m cumminnngggggg!!!
Mmmmnnnngggghhh...ahhh♡♡♡
Hyeeeehhhh! Fhheeehhhh...!
Haaaahhh...! Hahhh...!
I am out of breath.
I pull my penis out, and semen spills out after it.
Hoohhh... So much, on my legs... it’s so... hot...!
The thick substance drips out like a visual representation of my own ecstasy.
Haaahhh...! Phewww...! It really tuckers you out, huh... sex...
It... really does.
I seem to have lost a lot of the stamina that I had as a coal miner.
Now my throat is hoarse... from shouting too much.
Phew... It sounds good. You come off a lot older ever since your choice changed...
Himeru speaks in a low whisper.
One last question.
Did it... feel good?
......
It felt... |delightful|.
She goes back into little-lady mode to say that, just for me.
When I think that is the last time I’ll hear it, I feel a sense of loss again.
Let’s do it again...! One more round...!
Whaaaaat? You’re still not done?
One more and then we can stop...! I want to see your face this time...
Everyone’ll hear us if we keep this up, though...!
I want to do it naked this time.
......
Wha...?!
When did you get here?!
I mean.
You were being |kinda| loud, you two.
(END)
Thanks for putting me up all this time...
The next evening, Himeru makes her departure from Seiran Island.
Goodbye, delicious food...!
Goodbye, work-life balance...!
Ahaha, you’ll be fine! Usually I’m the one waving prisoners off, so it’s kinda weird getting seen off by former prisoners like this.
|Sniffle|... Himeru...
Take care of yourself, Minato...
Don’t go...!
......
Hi-|sob|-me-|sob|-ru...
Don’t cry on me, dammit!
For me, the way you’ve all rehabilitated...! It’s... It’s just, |so|...!
Himeru...! |(Sob.)|
Not another word! I’ve been so proud to see you all so happy, making your own way...! It makes me feel like my work has meant something...!
I’m gonna name the heroine... after you, Himeru...! Hime-something... And then...!
I choke up, and Himeru just musses my hair.
Be a good boy and forget about me. Let this be a happy memory. That’s how I plan to think of it. You’re really cute, Minato.
But...!
I don’t feel like I can back down on this.
Then Himeru leans in and whispers into my ear.
But, |if|...
When you’re all grown up, if you still feel the same way... then will you come back to sweep me off my feet?
......!!!
A steam whistle sounds as she leaps onto the boat.
See ya! Look after yourselves, you crazy kids!
The boat grows distant.
Eventually, I lose sight of Himeru’s enthusiastic full-body waving.
...Bye, Ahegao.
Now that she’s gone, I really do miss her...
......
I’m not sure what’s going on with you two, but cheer up, Shuichiro. She’ll be back sometime...
She, will. Let’s invite her for a party next time, with Taeka and Sofurin too...!
Five years...
Huh?
I have five years to grow up and go get Himeru!
......Right.
You’re kidding... right?
And, five years later, I really did do it.
You can never be sure, with Shuichiro...
Of course, that was after the Mizushiro loyalist faction kidnapped her to be their figurehead in their quest to strengthen Japan’s regime of censorship.
During which time Warden Yugao even lost control of the prison.
Melon Farm was barely breathing when she reached our shores with her warning.
The staff of Lale returned to Tulip Prison once more.
Sister Julia saved us in our hour of need, then teamed up with Sofurin to turn the tables.
Warden Yugao emerged from hiding with an older, wiser ninja to restore order and retake control.
And with all of our experience as former inmates, we just barely saved Himeru from the Damned Ward before the bombs went off.
It was my exploits during that adventure that finally allowed me, a former prisoner, to marry into the illustrious house of Yamagishi as the family’s successor.
But that’s another story, and this one ends here.
(END)
