The coal mining life may seem miserable, but it has its upsides.
One of them being that you get to take a bath after work every day.
A coal miner first has to take a seawater shower, cleaning off all the dust and grime.
Only two kinds of working prisoners get this privilege of daily baths: coal miners, who get covered in soot every day, and kitchen workers, who have to stay clean.
Phewww!
The first bucket of water I dump on myself washes all the day’s fatigue away.
There are a lot of rules about what you need to do, and time is pretty limited, but nothing can compare to the pleasure of dipping in the tub.
Nothing like a hot bath after the mines, huh, boys?!
For sure.
I stare at the electric board above the guard.
Every inmate keeps close track of it—it lets us know our time limit in heaven.
It’s still green.
You’ve been workin’ like a champ lately! Still not a master yet on the machines, but you’ve stopped runnin’ out of gas right away. Hell, you keep your horsepower high through to the weekend now!
I’ve built up stamina. All I need nowadays is a good night’s rest.
That’s how you know you’re still a young’n. That arm of yours has had Bear Team sitting pretty at 120% over quota for weeks! I’d ruffle your hair if you had any!
Mr. Bear, the team’s foreman, has been chatting with us in the bath a lot lately.
I was pretty worried at first! Man, I thought, can I put these kids to work without ’em dying on me?
Heheh, harsh, Mr. Bear, harsh!
But that’s what I get for judgin’ some books by their covers, hahah!
Agreed.
At first, I thought Mr. Bear was a petty tyrant who hid behind authority like the other workstation leaders.
He’s a gay man in for rape and murder. They say he swooped down in the wee hours of the night and slew the man who stole his boyfriend.
Big as a bear and twice as hairy, he’s the type of guy I wouldn’t go out of my way to deal with if I were living normally on the outside.
A scrawny kid like you needs to put on some muscle! Then you’ll be a step or two towards becoming a real man, gahaha!
As I worked with him, however, I found that he actually shoulders the responsibility of being a leader well. He cares about the safety of his team.
The pressure he exudes underground is a safety measure, an effort to prevent the kind of careless mistake that could lead to some huge accident.
They say we make up our minds from first impressions, but that’s not enough to tell you what people are really like.
I really do have to keep striving to be a better judge of character.
Welp, looks like it’s about time. Don’t soak too long, y’hear me, you two? You don’t want the guard to chew you out and toss you back to the bottom of the totem pole, right?
Got it.
A jungle of pubes appears before me.
Hn...?!
The towering rod in the middle of it is swollen with bumps, like he’d filled it with beads or something.
What was up with Mr. Bear’s, you know?
That? The toothbrush stuff?
He puts his arm around my shoulder and whispers into my ear while looking around to see there’s no guards about.
You know how you can snap a toothbrush handle pretty easily? Well, you take the handle and file it down into a ball.
So it’s like a BB pellet?
Yeah. So you make a bunch of those, poke a hole open, slide the balls in with some string, and voila, you’ve got a poppin’ dick.
Why would someone do that?
Don’t you know? Put some pearls in your cock and chicks love it in bed, man!
First I’ve heard of it.
You kidding? Man, you musta had some boring-ass sex!
No... I’m a virgin.
Can you stop makin’ that face when you say stuff like that?
I thought you had to cut it open to put them in, but it looks like a needle and thread are all you need.
It looks pretty painful, but I’ve gotten a lot more used to pain since coming to prison.
It... might look nice.
Don’t bother, man. That’s way too advanced for a virgin. Besides, they’ll just find it in the jerk-off tests, anyway.
What’ll happen if they do?
They’ll drag it out of you right there on the spot. I hear the blood splatter’s unreal, man.
I think... I’ll pass.
Yeah, good man. Besides, it’s not like we can have sex in here, anyway. Wouldn’t be good for anything except showing off.
I’m pretty good at showing off my cock.
Big talk from a virgin!
Gh...!
I feel oddly embarrassed at my virginity, all of a sudden.
It’s such a strange feeling.
It’s not all lumpy, but... it’s really clever.
It’s not how you use it when you don’t get to use it at all!
I don’t think I’ve ever felt so defeated.
I suspect it’s less due to his facts and logic than to the way Ozawa is looking down on me.
It’s not like people die if they don’t bang.
You’re talking shit. Like, imagine dying without experiencing something that good.
Not interested.
Women, man. They’re like, so soft... Just touchin’ ’em feels good. Like it wipes the pain and fatigue away...
Soft...
They got this nice scent when you hold ’em, type of thing that makes your brain go numb. There’s just nothing better, man.
Ghhhh...!
I can’t exactly imagine it, but I figure it must be really nice.
There’s no way it’s that good.
So I go sour grapes.
It’s just sticking your dick in, right? Showing it off and streaking is way better.
You got no idea what you’re talking about, man! Sex ain’t just about jamming it in!
It isn’t?!
There’s all sorts of kinks and scenarios, man. Like besides just jamming it in the pussy, you can get this rope play going on? Or you can act like you’re a baby nursin’, or bang outside in a park...
I even hear that if you train your anus with a prostate massager and experience this dry orgasm thing, man, there’s no going back.
Ghhhhh...!
Good point. I did moan a bit when I was hiding my massager.
There’s still uncharted territory there.
This is good news. Something that really sparks the curiosity.
You sure know a lot, Ozawa.
Nah, man, not more than anyone else. Not like I had the money to be banging broads every day on the outside, you know?
But, man. It really is good, I tell ya.
Ghhhhhkk...!
No fair. Why does Ozawa get to have all the fun? I think to myself.
I want to have the same experience. Right now.
Your score hasn’t gone down, right? How many years you got left?
Twenty.
Then you’re gonna be a virgin for twenty more years, dude.
Ghhhhrrrk...!
The truth hurts. I won’t be out of here for twenty years.
I won’t be able to experience the pleasure until twenty whole years are up.
Why? Why am I here...?
Because you got naked, right?
I’ve never been this frustrated before.
I won’t be able to have such an incredible (apparently) experience, and all just because I’m in prison.
But, man, haven’t you talked about this outside with your pa—oh. No friends, huh.
I’m so defeated I almost cry tears of blood.
God. I’m going to die a virgin.
......!
Then, I remember.
I remember the promise I made with her. The very important promise.
Hm? Hey, Shuichiro, what happened to that rehabilitation program thing?
Even if I can’t cast off my virginity...
Model prisoners like you can take part, right? Isn’t that starting up right about now?
...I can have something close to the real thing.
Eep! E-Exhibitiman?!
After some time, I make it to the rehabilitation center.
Um. T-The program classroom is, uh, t-that way... i-it isn’t that way! Huh...?
I pass through reception and stomp down the hallway.
Hello.
Hn...?!
Hello.
K-Kid?
The fuck’s your deal, baldy? Where’s your manners?!
You forget this is Hatae Clan territory?! You wanna leave in a body bag?!
Hello.
Yakuza etiquette, you open both legs and half-squat, half kneel forward, put your hands on your knees, and say ‘h’lo, boss’ with the worst enunciation you’ve ever heard, got it?!
H’lo, boss.
What the fuck was that?! That ain’t a first-timer’s squat-greeting!
Aye, boss.
Now, out with it! What’re you here for?!
I’m here to touch a chest.
You fucking with us?!
I am here to touch a chest.
Oh? You want to squeeze Hanada’s bulging pecs and find out how you can get a body like that?!
The fuck you on about? I thought kids these days were lazy as shit!
The Chief’s chest.
You must really want your balls cut off, brat!
What, my chest not good enough for you to grope?!
Hold it!
But, Chief, we can’t just let him get away with talking about your breasts! Even worse, he won’t grope mine...!
Outta the room, all of you. I’ll talk things over with the kid.
The yakuza leave the room without objection.
Each one shoots me a murderous glare as they leave.
The door closes with a slam.
All right, kid. Now that we’re alone, tell me what you need.
Before that, let me remember my manners.
Thank you very much for your advice.
Mm? You mean that thing with Sofurin?
I was really surprised at how right you turned out to be.
Heheh, you and me both. I figured you bulking up would help when the storm came, but had no idea you’d end up saving your deputy warden. You’re just full of surprises.
It earned me a long overdue phone call with my sister, too. She was so happy she cried.
Good to hear, kid, but don’t make your sister cry.
Got it.
Not a word of complaint, huh? Heheh...
Why did you give me advice, anyway?
Don’t remember what I said before?
I’ve taken a liking to you, kid.
The Chief keeps calling me ‘kid.’ I wonder how old she is?
She doesn’t look that much older than me. More importantly, though.
So about those breasts.
Ahh. Right. That...
Can’t believe he actually showed up... It was just a joke to cheer the young buck up, too...
I’m looking forward to it.
I’m so excited.
I just can’t hide it.
I guess yakuza are better at picking up on jokes... inside the joint and out...
How much can I touch them?
Ahh... However many seconds you want, but...
Now, don’t worry. I’m not setting out to do this raw.
You saw how ready my people were to tear you apart, right?
I mean, it would be terrible if you got pregnant.
I’m their leader, you hear me? And if some random kid from who-knows-where gropes my chest, well... you can figure out what comes next, right?
You got the guts to go through with this anyway?
Threats won’t work on me.
......
......
...You’re telling me you steeled yourself that much?
I am...
That much, huh...?
And it’s not fair that Ozawa gets all the fun.
I’m not the type to get excited or shaken all that much.
But my emotions have been constantly heightened since coming to Tulip Prison.
And throughout my whole stay so far, I don’t think I’ve ever been this nervous.
Kid...
Finally. I’ll get my hands on some bo—
Sorry, but could we forget I said that?
......
NO.
A sinking feeling.
Like my feet crumbling.
Why...?
Sorry, kid...
Why...?!
I just... never let anybody grope my chest before.
......!
If this is how my first time getting felt up goes down... I just couldn’t look the parents who raised me in the face.
You... do make a point.
Still, the leader of the Hatae Clan bending her word like a twig sets a bad example, so... this is a personal request from me to you. Think you can let me off?
Yeah...
......
......
No... There’s nothing that convenient in life. The easy way out’s going to be mud on the Hatae name.
I’ll make it up to you. How about my little finger?
......
Boys, go get me a blade!
It’s... fine.
R-Really?
It’s all right...
......
......
You sure? This is a yakuza boss’s finger we’re talking ’bout here.
I can’t grope a finger...
Oh.
......
Sorry. I appreciate it.
She bows her head deeply in apology.
Seeing how far she’s going, I realize I can’t ask for more.
I... I wanted to feel them...
I’m the woman they call the Young Hawk of Hatae. I can’t just say sorry and laugh it off—not in my world.
I really, really wanted to feel them...
As an apology, I’ll make sure to hear you out when you need my help, just once.
Boobs...
Come hell or high water, kid, I’m not going back on this promise. I swear it on the Hatae Clan crest.
I don’t remember much of what happened next.
I wandered the prison like a ghost.
At length, I found myself at the phone center.
Boohoohoohoo! Boohoohoohoo!
Perhaps I naturally sought the warmth of my family.
I’m so happy I got to talk to you again so soon, I’m going to collapse into tears!
That’s just how hurt I was.
Last time you just totally went off the grid! I couldn’t call you, you wouldn’t reply to my letters, and I was too busy with work to go visit...
I wanted to touch those boobs.
Chima and Lou are just so happy their big brother called! Isn’t that right, you two?
How soft would they have been?
Myahh!
Just imagining it makes my chest tighten.
How soft are boobs?
Huh?!
Boobs?! Did I hear someone say boobs?!
I said nothing of the sort. I’m a model prisoner.
Don’t you lie to me! Let’s hear what you said, then!
I said tubes, ma’am. We were simply speaking about the merits of soft and hard tubes in computer construction. They do rhyme, though, so I understand the confusion.
They both do transport fluid, too... Hmph. Borderline, but acceptable!
Mew!
W-When you said ‘boobs...’
A friend was telling me about them.
Huh? Shu, you made a friend?!
Yeah, I did.
Oh my god! The same Shu who was all alone on sports day, at the culture festival, at the choir contest, during the three-legged race—you made a friend?!
Boobs...
Zorry, I-I have to cry again! Boohoohoo, boohoo!
I can vaguely imagine breasts being soft.
What, then, would actual sex be like?
Is sex even better, then?
Sex?! Did I hear someone say sex?!
I said nothing of the sort. I’m a model prisoner.
Don’t you lie to me! Let’s hear what you said, then!
Sax, the woodwind instrument. It has a really nice sound.
You do have to suck it, too... Borderline, but acceptable!
Meow!
Is it?
I-I wouldn’t know...
Why not?
I haven’t... had a chance to try.
......
......
I’m rooting for you.
I appreciate it, but... I am sick. I think I’ll give it all a miss.
No, don’t say that.
W-What?
Sex is... really good, I hear.
I mean, really?
He said it was incredible.
Well, not to everyone.
Are you saying my friend was lying?
Hey, easy there... Wait, is this actually the first time you’ve gotten mad at me? And it’s over this...?
I want my sister to be happy.
Hinako, you’re free.
I want her to enjoy life like I can’t.
I want at least one of us to enjoy life.
S-Shu! Boohoohoo! Y-You’re right! If I find someone, I’ll try sex, I swear! O-Once I find someone!
(END)
Here in Tulip Prison, there is a regular system known as night duty.
The island’s nights are cold, especially at this time of year.
We need to keep the heaters going to warm up the Obscenity Ward.
We use the coal the other miners and I dig up as fuel.
It’s whoever’s on duty’s job to toss said coal into the heaters every two hours through the night.
Another part of the job is to call for guards in case of sudden illness or any other similar complication.
The job rotates through prisoners, and I’m on duty tonight.
It’s so cold...
I toss coal into the boilers and let out a cold sigh.
Instead of going back to my cell after my task, I head for the waiting room.
It’s a small room with a chair and some water.
There’s a little brazier in the middle and nothing else to help with the cold.
Where are you, Amatsu...?
I’m right here, Shuichiro.
It’s so cold I fear Amatsu might shrink away and disappear on me.
Since sleep feels like it’ll bring death in this cold, most prisoners read books while they wait.
We are allowed to bring up to three into the waiting room.
I, unfortunately, have none.
With nothing else to do, I turn back and stare at the rows of cells.
......
Twenty more years in here.
Trapped underground with little light to speak of for twenty years.
I’ll be an old man when I get out...
Can’t jerk off. Can’t even streak.
Won’t know sex, either.
I... I wanted to touch those boobs...
Me too...
Amatsu agrees with me.
I’m going to grow up not knowing the tenderness of a woman’s breast.
I’m going to grow up a virgin, not knowing the joys of sex.
I hate that.
It’s not like you to give up so easily, Shuichiro.
Amatsu speaks up.
Even if you can’t have sex... You can experience something close to the real thing, right?
Close to the real thing, huh?
If I could just... experience the same pleasure.
That would mean I’d be as close to not being a virgin as I could get.
On the other hand, the current crackdown on loophole bangs is suffocating.
Whenever a guy and a girl get in touching distance, Officer Yamagishi is always there too with a lecture.
There’s other ways, aren’t there?
Other ways?
Remember that thing you ordered and what Ozawa was saying.
The thing I ordered? The thing I ordered.
And what Ozawa was talking about earlier today.
Ah!
A eureka moment.
The feeling of everything coming together.
It’s possible!
If I could make it. If I could piece it together.
I just might be able to know a pleasure close enough to intercourse.
The next evening, I head to the library.
It should be around here somewhere.
I’m looking for the science shelves.
I think back to this science class I had back in grade school.
My science teacher back then was really interesting. Went on a lot of tangents, but I learned a lot.
This shelf’s really hidden away.
It probably isn’t the most popular genre. Oh, I think this is it.
What I learned in that teacher’s chemistry class sticks in my head for some reason.
Maybe it was all for today.
......?
What’s wrong, Shuichiro?
I think I... saw someone.
There’s no one at the desk.
I must have imagined it.
Intended use?
To pass time with. I’m on night duty.
Book in hand, I step out onto the usual path.
All right, now what?
I have some time until dinner.
I think I’ll... look for her.
There’s a lot I want to ask her, anyway.
Hm, perfect timing.
Hey, you two, step away! Men and women are to be at least a meter away at all times—we’ve told you this time and time again! And you’d better not be getting up on each other, either!
B-But we weren’t doing anything!
Yeah, we’re just friends, that’s all!
You’re just Frenching, that’s all?! You’re lucky it’s me—I’ll let you off this once—but just try that shit with Officer Yamagishi, she’ll make you twenty-two inches!
M-Make what twenty-two inches?!
Sofurin is yelling at the inmates as usual. She’s back to normal.
Can’t help but feel they’re not taking me seriously lately... Did he go and tell people about the...? Hm, maybe I should train a little, at least. Let me start with some light stretches...
One, two! One, two!
Hello, boss.
Hwah?!
I catch Sofurin rotating with her legs spread and hips bent. She scrambles up when she sees me.
She takes a glance at me, looking as though I’ve killed her dog.
What are you doing here, Number 0720?! And why ‘boss,’ where did that come from?
Sorry, I had yakuza greetings on the brain.
What’s with that look? Can a guard not do some warmups? Can we not stretch?!
She seems to have a real persecution complex.
Sofurin brings her face to mine, her brows furrowed.
And. Well. Number 0720. Minato. Did. Well. You know.
Yes?
You haven’t talked, right?!
She’s probably talking about her peeing herself.
Sofurin has been talking to me more since the incident.
I have not.
Really? W-Well, that’s good to hear. Because if you tell anyone, I swear, I’ll find you in whatever hole you hide in and blast you in the head.
Sofurin seems to really not want me to tell anyone.
Didn’t we all piss ourselves plenty back when we were kids? Was it somehow her first time?
There’s something I needed you for.
Really?
She doesn’t have to look so unenthused.
Here.
A purchase request? Oh, right, you’re in the mine.
Normally, the person in charge of an inmate’s workstation goes around to collect request sheets.
Peppermint oil?
The coal mine is special, however. Inmates working there are allowed to hand their sheets directly to guards.
Absolutely not! There was a ‘super hacker’ who literally drowned in the refreshing sensation of dropping this in the bath! Rejected!
The guards think it a pain to aggregate the papers, so they read them on the spot.
An electric massager? Obviously not! Even the manufacturers admit it’s a sex toy nowadays!
Which means I can have her act as an immediate baggage check, rather than getting a letter of refusal.
And the rest of these are just as bad. Have you no decen—hmm...?
It’s the perfect way, in other words, to find out just what I can bring into the prison.
Coffee filters?
......
What are you going to use them for?
I just, you know.
......
Want some.
Then I refuse! We can’t buy you something for no reason. Pick something more productive!
Like what?
Like a pencil to draw pictures with or paper to write a letter. Something like that.
Then I’ll draw on the filters.
Are you listening to yourself?
The prison’s standards are harsher than I expected.
And listen, you can only ask for things you can buy with fuxx, all right? Have you never seen the list?
Oh. I’m just ignorant.
But, well, now I know that I can’t get most things on the straight and narrow.
From what I’ve heard, the fuxx you get from prison work aren’t too valuable.
While I have you here... You haven’t been attending any rehabilitation programs. Why?
That’s another reward available for model prisoners from the labor incentive program, aside from the obvious score benefits.
It may not be obligatory, but those with the right to attend are to attend! Go to it! It’ll prune at least some of the freak out of you!
I’m not too eager.
But why?! Going through the programs will teach you all sorts of skills you can use on the outside, and they’ll even lower your score!
I hate school.
It’s more like club activities than school. There’s actually clubs in the prison, too.
I hate clubs even more.
Club activities are fun! You’re just antisocial.
What clubs were you in, ma’am?
Me? I did, you know, kendo, and... other stuff.
You did seem pretty flexible just now.
I can raise my leg up this high, see?
Whoa!
I can stretch my legs and sit like this, too.
With your torso touching the ground?!
Ah! C-Cut the chatter, we’re not friends!
I’m getting yelled at by someone doing a yoga stretch on the ground.
That’s the problem with you, you don’t show proper respect! Now quit your whining and go attend that program!
The rehabilitation program classes are an hour a day.
My precious evening free time is now allotted to class.
I’m late, but I’m let into the classroom without being yelled at.
Since we have a new pervert with us, I’ll explain again: this program is meant to turn you sickos back into normal, upstanding human beings!
First, in our Libido Management Course, we’ll teach you how to face yourselves and how to scrub out your boundless, twisted lusts! Think of it like a beta test before the real training!
And whoever just thought, ‘heh, more like rub one out from my boundless lust,’ this course is for freaks like you!
Tempering your lusts is your first step back to humanity! Once you’ve taken this course, finished it, and brought its lessons inside you, you can get job training to prepare you for life outside!
And don’t you fantasize about ‘taking the course in’ and letting it ‘finish inside you,’ either. You can swell up with the program’s children if you want, buddy, but there ain’t no midwives in
What you need in this program is a pure heart and a clean mind! There is no rehabilitation for duplicitous weasels—harbor no snake in the bush of your soul!
Does that
Phew, close... I heard the word
Did you just say dick?! Let’s hear your nickname, inmate! Han...cock? Ugh, what a disgusting name! Who approved it?!
It looks like staying in this program will eventually let me take classes to get certifications.
It’s only for rank one and two prisoners—those the system thinks can be rehabilitated.
Listen to me: control is key! If you can control your twisted desires and erase them, you can become normal human beings!
......
For today’s Libido Management, then, we will conduct personality tests! These will tell us what professions you are most suited for!
This will determine what job training you get, so take it seriously! If you’re serious, you’ll succeed! And I don’t mean suck—
—ing someone’s seed, weirdos, so get to work!
One of the guards passes me a piece of paper.
I swear, I let my guard down for a second and you take every little thing I say sexually!
Over fifty questions are listed, all small questions about everyday scenes and situations.
Let’s see... ‘do you get suspicious when you get something different from what you ordered?’
There are five answers available, from “strongly agree” to “strongly disagree.”
The last ten questions are ones where you list items by priority.
At the end is a signature.
It looks like these were made by someone named Himeko Mizushiro.
I do hope she’s a beautiful girl with big breasts.
Time’s up! We’ll pass out the marking sheets, so grade them yourselves and submit them up front!
I’m given a paper that shows how many points my answers have given me in things like cooperativity and creativity.
I’m supposed to add them all up and see how many points I got out of ten in the categories.
I connect all the ends together to form a pentagonal graph.
......
Inmate Number 0720, Shuichiro Minato
Communication: 0
Empathy: 0
Hospitality: 0
Environmental Adaptability: 0
Planning/Secrecy: 0
Recommended Job: None
Hm. ‘You are the type to form and lead a startup,’ huh?
What’s a baldy like you going to be the CEO of? A phone company?
Looks like Kurebayashi is in the rehabilitation program, too.
That means you’ve got no job aptitude, buddy.
......!
I have... no job aptitude?
That can’t be right.
Does that mean I’m not a good fit for... society?
But look here, I got 7.4 points in Artistry.
I think my exhibitionism falls under that seven-point section.
Even if I’m not a very normal fit for society, my great talent in self-expression must mean I’m suited to being an artist.
This test really is smartly made!
Whoa! I’ve never seen a graph this terrible. Are you really human...?
......
(END)
Night duty rotates every month and lasts a week.
It’s my second night, so I’ve still got five left.
You’ve got something on your mind, Shuichiro.
Yeah, Amatsu. I’m thinking about that libido management stuff.
A program to make sickos normal.
Classes to help bring us back into society.
The class itself is pretty interesting, but...
You’re wondering if the idea itself is correct?
Yeah. Is controlling your desire really that right?
Officer Yamagishi told us to erase our desire.
But is a fetish not simply a part of us?
It’s like biting your nails or something. I don’t think people can control their habits that much.
Not even me.
I can’t imagine you can control something you can’t replace.
Would the better approach, then, be finding a way to live well with your abnormal fetish?
I can understand what you’re saying.
Right?
But I can’t agree with the ‘can’t find a replacement’ part, Shuichiro.
Hm?
Think about how you have job training after this, for example. You might find something there that you’re more passionate than anything about.
You mean more than streaking?
Impossible. There’s nothing I could be more passionate about than taking off my clothes and letting the world know about you.
Just an example. But remember this, Shuichiro.
Amatsu speaks up.
The world is a big place. As you go through it, you might just find something that really steals your heart.
Could that be true?
Could there be something out there that stirs my passion even more than stripping?
Something more than the art of exhibitionism? I can’t imagine it.
Anyway, Shuichiro, weren’t you going to make that thing?
Oh. Yeah.
I stand up, getting my mind back in gear.
I open the book on my small desk, relying on the Obscenity Ward’s dim light.
Time to review.
If Tulip Prison’s that tough on what it lets you bring into its walls...
...then I’m going to make it from scratch.
Hey, Minato! Where’d Ozawa go?!
He changed workplaces. It seems that’s happening a lot lately.
Where’d he end up?
The cafeteria. He’s been there since the day before yesterday.
It just so happens that coal miners are lent particularly large canteens.
Unlike other workstations, we can drink as we like. They don’t want us collapsing from dehydration in the middle of such taxing labor.
Don’t drink too much, y’hear? You’ll get bloated and sluggish!
I won’t! And I’ll go for a refill when I run out!
This is the spot where Sofurin and I got hit by those cave-ins.
The miners feel the spot too cursed to bother digging any further into.
Still here... I knew it.
Seawater has seeped in from somewhere, forming a puddle.
I scoop it up into my empty canteen.
And since this is seawater, that means...
There we go.
...it brought a lot of shells with it, too.
All prison workers have to go through full body checks at the end of the work day.
Some places do the checks in the workstations themselves, but coal miners have to do the can-can dance in the inspection room.
Number 0720.
All right, open your mouth!
The inspection is to make sure we don’t bring dangerous or lewd things into our cell wards.
They check everywhere, even inside your mouth... with one exception.
All right, coal boys, hand your canteens over for cleaning unless you want a toothpick in the eye!
Our canteens don’t go through inspection, but directly to the cafeteria.
We hand them over here and get them back full at the entrance to the mine the next day.
I stand in the leftmost of the three lines.
Number 0720. Here’s my canteen.
Okay, jottin’ that down...
Ozawa takes it and draws a circle on his list.
Dinner starts, and when the cafeteria workers start sitting at the tables...
Here y’go.
Thanks.
Ozawa slips a large zip-lock bag of seawater and shells at my feet.
There’s one more thing I need.
Unlike the seawater, however, it’s not something I can get from the coal mine.
On the other hand, I can’t buy it, either.
So you want me to get you another thing, then?
So I’ve turned to the local procurer.
I hear there was some real commotion around your massager, so I’d figured that would have scared you off of buying anything else.
That was nothing.
Nothing? You were on the razor’s edge. Hell, I wouldn’t be surprised if they found it as we spoke.
You’re right about that.
That’s why I’m putting the ice on getting anything too hot and hairy for you for a bit. The ‘health item’ excuse isn’t going to fly anymore.
It’ll be fine this time.
I want you to get me some coffee filters.
Coffee filters?
I need them right away. Can you get them?
If it’s the type you’ll find in any store, I can get them by tomorrow afternoon, but... what are you going to use them for anyway?
A lot.
A natural smile comes over my face.
I mean, you can’t use a coffee filter for anything pervy, right?
When I get back to my cell the next night, I find the filters have been delivered along with my laundry.
Noting the existence of another supply route there, I head to night duty.
I have on me two days’ worth of seawater and shells—a hefty amount.
I place the seashells atop the charcoal in the brazier.
First, I heat the shells.
Having carved the coal into a circle, I put the shells over it, frying them to a crisp.
The shells grow pure white, and when I take them out, they’re easy to crush.
I grind them up into powder.
Now, I put the kettle here and heat up the salt water.
I put the mixture into the other kettle through the coffee filter.
White, sticky powder appears on the filter.
Next, heat up the filtered water again... then put it back onto the filter.
That’ll let you take out the magnesium chloride.
There’s white powder left in the kettle.
I can make saline water with this.
Then, I take the shells I made into powder and mix it into lukewarm water...
Then, the shells... the quicklime becomes slaked lime or calcium hydroxide.
I put that into the saline water, and—
Number 0720, what... are you doing?
......
Sofurin lurches into the room from behind.
You really are making a racket... Didn’t they tell you to keep quiet at this hour?
Guards will come in at random to make sure the inmate on night duty is doing their job.
Two kettles...? Just what are you up to?
Boiling water.
Boiling water?
I’m allowed. I’m on duty.
Those on night duty are permitted to drink hot water to deal with the cold.
Ah... Right. Well, it’s not like you can... do anything sexual, not here. Just... keep it down, then.
With a big yawn, Sofurin takes her leave.
That was close.
This means you won’t have to worry about any more guards coming, though. You can fully focus now.
I flip through the book and check the steps.
After mixing the calcium hydroxide into the saline water, let the mixture sit.
Perfect, I already let it sit.
There’s some dregs at the bottom of the liquid.
I pass this through a coffee filter, too.
The rest of the water, the evidence, goes into the gutter.
All that’s left is... magnesium hydroxide and salt.
When you sink this into water, you can take out another white, slimy, cum-like substance.
Magnesium hydroxide.
Then, I put it over heat near a thousand degrees... Will it get that hot?
It should. They call the coal you get here ‘black diamond.’ It’s high-quality stuff, we just need to keep the heat up.
I break the coal into smaller chunks and put them into the kettle.
Ah...! The kettle is starting to melt!
Apparently, kettles made with an anodized layer can still start to have their aluminum melt when they hit over six hundred degrees.
That was a blind spot.
To withstand an instantaneous temperature approaching a thousand degrees, I would have needed quartz glass or something ceramic.
......
All of the tableware in the prison is plastic.
No prisoner uses ceramic tableware.
No prisoner.
The guards that live here bring their own cups.
They’d want things built to last, so it would stand to reason they might use ceramic cups.
You really gotta make me put my ass on the line like this, man...?
I borrow Sofurin’s cup with the cat face on it and heat it up with a bunch of coal.
It sure is... hot in here.
The temperature of the room jumps up.
Luckily, there’s plenty of fuel in the room.
I let it heat for a good twenty minutes while wondering if it’s the coal I mined up.
Then, I let it cool.
If there’s anything we’ve got, it’s time.
I load up the boilers again and return.
It’s really cold outside, so I’m freezing when I get back.
Now the magnesium oxide is complete.
I grind it into a paste along with the magnesium chloride I extracted at the beginning.
Let it dry, hidden.
Then.
It’s done.
My magnesia cement is ready.
How sturdy is it, Shuichiro?
It’s super hard.
I give it at testing smack against the ground and it doesn’t even crack.
This is what I wanted to make.
Natural concrete from shells and seawater.
You really can do anything you put your mind to.
I’m pretty surprised myself.
I managed to remember the whole experiment because my science teacher had actually demonstrated it way back.
With materials this hardy, I can make anything.
If I get a bunch of this, I could make some small blocks, too. If I just gather all the materials...
...then making one of “those” is very possible.
We’ve got a good week of time... Let’s do this, Shuichiro.
I lose myself in making concrete until the sun comes up.
No matter how sleepy he is, a prisoner has to follow the schedule the prison has laid out.
The rehabilitation program I’m in is part of that plan.
......
There’s no seating arrangement in class. We can sit wherever’s open.
Some inmates think sitting in the front makes them look motivated and eagerly sit there.
Me, I set up shop in an empty back seat.
Hwah...
The guards shouldn’t see me yawn if I’m in the back.
I’m too busy with my concrete project to bother with this class stuff.
Okay, everyone’s in their seats. Uh, okay, let’s start today’s rehabilitation program.
Sofurin seems to want to bother with class even less.
We’ll be moving into the group work phase of the class, starting from today.
The theme is ‘crafts.’ By learning the importance of working together to make something, you will build the ability to work with others as a team.
Oh, I’m already making something, I think to myself.
I will now select a few leaders from among you perverts. The leader will then decide on what to make and recruit group members.
As this is group work, you may punish prisoners who show no intention of joining or cooperating. Oh, wait, I wasn’t supposed to read that aloud.
Anyway. Anyone want to be a leader?
Silence covers the classroom.
To be the leader of a group project is to draw the short end of the stick.
The prisoners here who want to be well-regarded by the higher-ups? Surface level.
No one wants to take on the burden.
And with my catastrophically low motivation as of now, neither do I.
Okay, no one. I figured. Number 0720!
Yes, ma’am.
You’re the leader of Team 69.
Wh—?!
As for the rest of you... All right, that’s all the leaders. Leaders of Team 69, 45, and 85 are to report to me when they’ve decided on their projects. That is all. Dismissed.
I head for Sofurin as she sluggishly steps towards the exit.
I can’t do this, ma’am.
Huh? Do what?
I cannot be a leader.
Aren’t you the CEO type?
But I have a cooperativity score of zero.
Your Artistry score was pretty high, though.
I’ll talk.
That settles it: you’re the leader, and nothing is changing that.
That made things worse.
I’m not cut out to be a leader.
How do you know? Have you tried?
I’ve got something else to...
Something else?
Er, nothing.
You’re doing well in the coal mine, right? You’ll be fine. And mind your etiquette, moron.
Cut me a break, bro.
Seriously, what’s with the ‘bro?’
I’m only surviving because I’m on my own besides work.
Didn’t you have any sports days at school or something?
......!
You played soccer or baseball, right?
Soccer’s my biggest trauma...
What about it?
See, I had... no friends.
That face is way too intense for saying something that pitiful.
Nothing is as traumatizing as going to sports day with no friends.
These are orders from the top, I’m afraid. She wants me to go off the aptitude tests to decide leaders.
She holds back a yawn and scratches her neck. She really doesn’t want to be here.
I’m not backing down, though.
Making the concrete takes priority.
Listen, this project is wrong-headed from the start. Why have sickos like us make something?
Excuse me?
There’s no way we’re not going to make something perverted.
......
Well, if anyone’s going to be punished, it’s you... And if that’s what it takes to motivate you, be my guest. If it’s got that artistic value you go on about, it just might get... accepted...
My best argument is met with indifference.
She lets out her biggest yawn yet and turns her baggy eyes to me.
Just get some team members. Having no friends is all the more reason to. Get off my back and get going... and DO. NOT. TALK.
(END)
Ozawa, I’m in trouble.
Yeah?
I don’t have a group because I don’t have any friends, so I can’t make the thing, so I’m going to fail because I’m busy with concrete.
Uh. Can I get an actual explanation?
I explain. Leaving out the concrete.
He gives me a “not my problem” look. Terrible.
So, join my team?
Seriously, man? I’m real busy.
I’m busy, too.
Your thing’s the hour before dinner, right? That’s when the kitchen’s busiest, man! It’s rough!
Come on, you can dip out from work, easy!
I’d be dipping out if it was that easy, man, believe me.
I don’t even know anyone around here.
Can’t you just approach random people?
I... don’t want to work with someone I don’t know.
Always gotta have it your way, huh?
It would be particularly difficult to put Amatsu on my team, given what this prison is like.
Which means Ozawa is the only friend I have left.
Ozawa...
Don’t give me that dinner-starved puppy voice! Fine, fine, you win, man!
He scratches the back of his head like usual and lets out a deep sigh.
I’ll sniff around for someone who might help, okay?
Ozawa...!
Hush up, you!
He kicks me under the table. It hurts.
You better pull your own weight and get searching, too.
I told you, I don’t want to work with people I don’t know.
In that case, ain’t there someone perfect for the job?
Really? Like... who?
The girl you teamed up with before, remember? Her, over there.
He gestures with his chin.
I look in that direction.
......?
Noah Kurebayashi, A.K.A. Drone Girl. We’ve worked together before.
So, want to join my team?
Sure.
She agrees surprisingly easily.
I do owe you one, and I wanted to get that off my back as soon as possible.
Why? I think to myself.
Oh, I get it. You don’t have any friends, either.
With that, Kurebayashi and I stick our desks together.
Class hours are now to be allotted to the group project.
So, have you decided what we’re going to make?
Well, I’m thinking of making something artistic.
Must be nice being such a typical zoomer. Not a shred of an actual, concrete idea.
She gives me a nice compliment.
What can you do, Kurebayashi?
I can write simple programs. Hardware isn’t my strongest suit, but I’ve got the basics down. You?
I’m good at being naked.
Anything... else?
I’m good at getting older women to like me.
So you’re basically a baby, then. Got it.
Kurebayashi really is good at complimenting people.
We’re free to move as we wish during group work time, so we leave the center.
I wanted to take a walk to refine our ideas.
This is probably one of the bigger privileges that higher-ranked prisoners have.
If you can program, we’re going to have to use that.
We can’t get anywhere with code alone, though. You’ve got to figure out what you want to make. You really don’t have any ideas?
What I want to make? Nothing in particular comes to mind.
As I’ve gone through life, I’ve never once wanted to make something.
It might be most logical, then, to invite other inmates and narrow things down based on what they can do.
Are we only allowed to pick people from the rehabilitation program?
I hear we can get anyone’s help we want as long as it doesn’t go against the rules.
Hm? What’s up?
I suddenly stop.
This poster caught my eye.
I point to a large paper in the center of the bulletin board.
The prison has Safety Week posters, and the pictures for them change periodically.
I don’t know who draws them, but this is the first time I’ve looked at one so closely.
The colors are bold like oil, and it looks like there’s real layers to the paint.
All of the posters have been primarily red, but this one stands out the most to me.
I can’t appraise it artistically, but it does draw my eye.
Pictures, huh? We’ll probably need them, you’re right.
No matter what we do, I think we’ll want someone who can draw.
The question is, who did this piece?
If I find them, I might be able to persuade them to our side.
Any luck?
Nothing, man. I asked my people, but we got no idea who made that poster.
Unfortunately, I come up dry on the artist.
I see...
Maybe they’re not someone in the prison? Like, someone would see you if you were puttin’ out that kind of work.
A guard, maybe?
Then there’s no way you’re getting their help, right?
He’s right.
A guard isn’t going to help a prisoner with their homework unless there’s a really strong reason, I figure.
Ozawa... can you join up, then?
What? I said no, man!
But we’re friends.
I told you, man, I can’t slip out of the cafeteria easy for hygiene reasons! I couldn’t help even if I wanted to!
Which means he really does want to help me, I figure.
And don’t call me your friend, dumbass. You’re just a kid who’s a handful to me, all right?
He’s just being shy, I figure.
Besides, you actually think I can make something?
You have a point.
There’s no way someone with a face like that can be creative, I figure.
My Artistry score is... 7.4.
Quit lookin’ so smug, man. Is that even that impressive?
Unfortunately, I don’t have any leads on an artist.
Since I’ve been told to form a team, I have to do something about this lack of personnel.
Oh! Hey, there’s another inmate who says he’s interested in your group. He heard about you on the grapevine somewhere.
Since there’s no work today, how about you pay him a visit?
Waiting for me at the gym is a slender-eyed man with a strange air about him.
You’re the group leader? My, I expected someone taller.
I’ve seen him around before.
Yeah, he’s the one who sits in the front in the rehabilitation program.
Number 0720, Exhibitiman. Pleased to meet you.
I hold out my fist to do the greeting.
He does not hold out his.
So, what can you do?
Well, you see, on the outside, I was a music producer. I worked with idols. Idols I’m sure you know.
You’ve heard the name FUK69, right?
Fuck Sixty Nine? The revolutionary idol group that exploited a legal loophole to go beyond handshake tickets with sex tickets?! Holy shit!
Never heard of them.
Oh? I suppose a kid wouldn’t know. It was an adult group, after all.
So, what can you do?
Produce the work, you see. I manage schedules and give advice—it’s my job to make sure we get the best product possible out there.
You probably don’t know since you’ve never done group projects before, but every team needs someone like me. Someone with experience and maturity.
You mean you’ll take over being leader?
Oh, no, no, not at all! You’re the leader, of course, but I’ll take the burden of calling the actual shots from you. I’m sure it’s been terribly taxing, after all.
You will, of course, put my name up second. I do deserve it for making the most contribution. You wouldn’t mind, right?
The leader allots points based on the contributions of each team member.
It doesn’t directly affect grades, but the guards do refer to it.
And the others?
You can get the rest of the credit as leader. Just saddle the others with zeros.
That’s what you want?
No one’s gonna find out if no one talks! You want to build up a score-reducing portfolio quickly and get out of this sea-smelling place just as fast I do, don’t you?
On the outside, I live on the top floor of a high-rise condo. I’ve got twenty imported cars and a billion yen in assets. Hell, I got dental implants in all my teeth, and I don’t even have cavities.
......
You know how there’s a call button on the table in sit-down restaurants commoners will go to? I’ve got ten of those on my desk. Waiter just pops up when I press one. Impressive, huh?
Whoa.
Really, I’m not the type to wind up in a garbage dump like this, but I tell you. You make one little mistake...
What was the mistake?
We had an idol who was shy about the
Can you believe it? The bitch was riding me, moaning in pleasure, too. It’s terrible. I mean, I’m the victim here.
Yeah.
I pushed down her manager saying it was a false accusation, but I ended up getting arrested on tax evasion, and then they pushed the couch incident on me! I tell you, Japanese law is a joke.
I see.
I get the situation.
So, what’s your team’s name?
It’s ‘Get Lost Before I Fucking Inhume You, Baby.’
Hey! Shuichiro, hold it! What the hell, man?!
I know you don’t like strangers, but beggars can’t be choosers, man!
It’s not that—it just can’t be him. He’s got that scent to him.
Scent...?
It’s just a feeling, really.
But he had the scent of manure to him.
But, like, he did crazy successful work on the outside. Guy’s loaded, too!
How will that be useful in prison?
He’s trying to make himself look more impressive than he is.
There’s no substance to his contextless boasts.
He did not speak in truth, but in exaggerated advertisement.
People like that... you should probably avoid.
He’ll drag me down. Hard.
At least, that’s the impression I get.
From the limited amount of experience I’ve had so far, I’ve started feeling those “scents” from people.
I’m not enthused that I can’t explain it logically, but I’ll take what I can get for now.
First, did you see how smug he was to me? He’d just met me.
Man, you’re one to talk. But you got a point, him going on kinda pissed me off.
But, like, he’s actually had experience in making things and seems to know a bunch, so why not tap him for some help?
......
Ozawa does have a point.
Sounds like you made the right call turning him down.
Mr. Kugitani says, letting the smoke rise from his cigarette.
You think so?
When you asked him what he could do, he went on about his accolades on the outside, right?
Yeah.
In my experience, people who brag about their past achievements and numbers are bad news. That’s a trick people with no skills use to try to put themselves above whoever they’re talking to.
Him boasting about all the stuff he has when you didn’t ask is proof he can’t do a thing.
I think so, too.
Besides, he wanted to have all the control while leaving you as the leader, right?
Right.
Sounds like he was bullshitting his way to avoiding any of the actual responsibility, then. You did good dropping the guy.
I feel all my frustration fade away.
Mr. Kugitani vocalized everything I had been feeling.
I do want to be at least a bit better of a judge of character.
Good instincts—this place is a snake pit. You let one of the vipers get their fangs into you and it’s all over. Keep your distance, though, and you’ll be fine. They love easy targets.
How can I tell?
Good question.
He lets out a puff of smoke.
The girl doing pull-ups on the bar lights his cigarette and quickly slips away.
Hold onto that human heart of yours. Otherwise, this place’ll turn you into a monster.
A monster.
Only humans can understand other humans. You turn into a monster and humans’ll only look like food to you. You get me?
He might have a point there.
I’ll try to be a good person, then. A decent human being.
That would be most logical.
Now, I hear you’ve been looking for the person who drew the Safety Week poster?
You’ve heard about that?
I’m an information broker, remember? Procuring stuff isn’t all I do. Why wasn’t I the first person you came to ask?
Would you happen to know who it is?
Of course I do. In fact, it’s someone you know well.
He smiles through his stubble.
The answer he gives surprises me.
I head to where Mr. Kugitani told me to go.
It’s a spot hidden behind the phone center, someplace you wouldn’t notice at a glance.
I see a girl hunched over on the steps, focusing intently on her canvas.
Chief.
Oh? You, kid?
The artist of the Safety Week posters is the Chief, Taeka Hatae.
I haven’t even told my trio what I get up to over here.
Mr. Kugitani told me.
That geezer, huh? Can’t get ahead of a real info broker, I guess. Not that he’s a bad guy or anything.
She lets out a resigned sigh but seems a little amused.
The Chief puts her brush into the bucket with a small chuckle.
I didn’t think you would be a painter, Chief.
Oh no? Well, I’ve been through the traditional womanly arts. The koto, tea ceremony, flower arranging, calligraphy... and painting just happened to be the one I liked the most.
Why are you painting safety posters, though?
I’m in the higher prisoner ranks, but I’m not in any rehabilitation program. Got a lot of time to burn, and this is how I burn it.
I look at her canvas. The real thing has a lot more power than the copies in the center.
It feels less “well-done” and more “powerful.”
So, what brings you here? Isn’t it rehabilitation class time about now?
This is part of it.
Oh yeah?
We’re doing group work now.
......
We haven’t decided what to make yet, but I want you to join our team.
Why’s that?
Is... appreciating your painting skills not enough?
Oh. You know, you’re right about that, heheh...
I’m not sure what’s so funny, but she lets out a different laugh from usual.
Your paintings have a strange appeal to them. They’re not exactly skillful, but they really draw the eye.
I’m a little stuck on that ‘not skillful’ part, but I don’t mind the compliment.
Then...
But, well... I can’t help you.
Why not?
I’m a prisoner mediator and yakuza. I’m not the type of person allowed to take orders from others, you know? Got a reputation to uphold.
Pride, huh?
This is why you’re a kid, kid. It’s way bigger than that. You’ve got to understand that there’s organizations that live and die on their reputation.
So, you mean... if you bend the knee and people start looking down on you, your people will be in trouble?
Ah, right, you weren’t dumb. Yeah, that’s it.
I’m too far removed from the yakuza world to really understand it, but...
I want you to join us, Chief.
I really want to work with her.
And I don’t want to fold.
Why’s that?
I just do.
I don’t really know why.
Because I know her? No, nothing so vague or hazy.
It’s just, if I’m going to get someone to draw for us, I want it to be her.
I strongly feel that desire.
No reason, no reward? No way.
If you want things your way, you’re going to want to use your head a bit more.
What cards do you have in your hand that’ll make this worth both our whiles? Think about it.
Yakuza really love little fingers, huh?
That’s not what I’m talking about... Seriously, stop and roll your sleeve back down. Don’t go offering your little finger to everyone.
It isn’t something you just give yakuza to get them to do what you want?
Don’t act like it’s a handy little check.
I can’t think of anything else the Chief might want.
What would convince her, or rather, those around her?
Is there a way I can make it look right?
How about... I join your group?
Hah! Sure, if you joined the Hatae I could join your project under the guise of taking care of one of my own.
But yakuza are organized crime.
Yeah, and...?
Organized crime is... not good.
The air changes.
In a second flat, things feel incredibly tense.
You’re saying that to a yakuza’s face. You know what that means?
Her voice sounds like the quaking earth.
I feel like this sort of pressure can only come from someone who’s experienced more than I can imagine.
......
It’s not an unpleasant feeling, though.
Fear is shooting through my body, but not the disgust I felt from the guy in the gym.
If that way won’t work...
I decide, then, to speak plainly.
Then?
You did promise, Chief, that you’d listen to one of my requests no matter what.
It would hurt your reputation to break your promise, so you’ll join my group as a way of keeping your word.
...Will that suffice?
Silence dominates the space.
She gives me an appraising glare.
Then.
Pfff, hahahah! You really do have some lights on in the attic, kid!
She bursts out laughing.
I feel the tense air immediately loosen up.
Got it. I’ll join your little team and paint you some pictures.
She makes a clear promise to help.
Are you sure this is... okay?
She put up a pretty solid fight, and I can’t really understand why she agreed so easily.
What gives?
You’re not dumb, kid. Think about it for a few seconds.
I told you, it’s just a reputation problem. What I want to say...
...is that it’s not like I didn’t want to paint.
Yakuza really are strange creatures, I think to myself.
(END)
Books! Books if you want to borrow any! Books! Books if you want to borrow any!
I’ve gotten really good at picking up deliveries these past few days.
Thanks.
I’ve gotten pretty friendly with the courier inmate who passes out books, too.
As an exhibitionist, the only clothing I’m particular about is my footwear, so I get along well with our resident slipper fiend.
When I buy what I need, though, the money Hinako sent me drains fast.
Mr. Kugitani generally charges a twenty percent markup on everything he sells.
The courier takes a flat fee every time too, so I’m always needing more coin.
So, I’ve decided that what I can get here, I’ll get myself.
Of course, everything has its price. If I want something big, I have to pay something big.
I don’t have much that’s impressive, but there is one thing I get every night that wins the envy of most inmates here.
Fried mentaiko... as promised.
The miner’s special is a particularly large meal that only coal miners get.
I trade it for supplies and consumables from other workstations.
Giving another inmate one’s meal counts as Illicit Exchange, which means punishment if I’m caught.
A titmouse isn’t some sicko-named mouse? It isn’t even a mouse?
Not that I’ll get caught with Ozawa helping me. His cafeteria job comes in handy here.
Tonight’s haul is sandpaper.
They always have them on hand in the leather room, and even the Tulip Prison guards won’t notice a small sheet missing.
This is all I needed... Now to finish it up.
Through these small steps, I’ve been bringing my own project smoothly to completion.
This is the first time in my life I’ve worked this much and this consistently at something.
I can’t help but smile at the thought that my month’s worth of work is finally going to bear fruit.
Say, Shuichiro, aren’t you running late?
Oh!
I remember that I have go to the medical ward a good ten minutes before my appointment.
So, how’s the rehabilitation program going?
I have counseling with Dr. Higuchi today.
I’ve heard on the grapevine that you’ve really been working hard.
I wouldn’t say that much.
I like talking with her, but I just can’t focus on the conversation today.
I want to hurry back and finish my project.
Let’s hear it, Shuichiro. How’s the program feel after a few days?
Normal.
I see. How come?
Because it’s a class.
It’s like going to Japanese class in school.
Back when I was in grade school and tried to find the meaning in going to class, I was just told to go. Was told it was what I had to do.
So I figured questioning what I was supposed to be learning was illogical.
Ahaha, well, it pretty much is, isn’t it?
She narrows her foxlike eyes and puts her butt against her chair’s backrest.
You know, when I was much younger, I didn’t get the meaning of going to school either.
Hm...?
I know this sounds weird to do during a counseling session, but... mind if I reminisce a bit?
I nod.
This interests me just a bit more than my project.
So, my family was really poor. My mom was from a spot in the sticks in the Chugoku region, and my dad, well, he tended to, you know, do this. Real terrible.
Domestic violence. I’ve heard of this before.
So we ran off to Tokyo, but there wasn’t much work to be had. We sure lived the poverty life.
So you were like, a broke student?
Yeah, and I’m still kind of there. Student loans with interest and without... I haven’t paid them back at all yet. I’m up to my eyeballs in debt over here.
Though, well, I don’t really have anyone to blame but myself for that...
......?
Anyway, dad wasn’t beating mom up anymore and she was pretty cheerful, so life was good.
But I knew my mom was working multiple part-time jobs and probably had it pretty rough.
So I wondered what the point of going to school was, you know? I wished I could just make money instead.
Why’d you become a doctor, then?
A fateful encounter.
She puts a hand behind her head. The word “fateful” probably embarrassed her.
Then, she quietly sits down.
Back when I was a grade-schooler, my mom got sick and collapsed. For lots of reasons, overwork being the biggest one. We didn’t have enough money to send her to the hospital, of course.
She was on the ground and wasn’t moving. I was just a little girl and didn’t know what to do, plus it was pitch black and midnight, so I just cried and cried.
But right then, a local doctor came all the way to our house.
His name was Dr. Fumikane, and he ran a clinic in the neighborhood. Come to think of it, I don’t think he took money from us, either.
He looked Mom over, then drove her to a big hospital in his car.
To little me, he looked like a god... And at the same time, a thought popped into this easygoing girl’s head.
If you’ve got no power of your own, you really can’t do anything at times like these.
Power,” she repeats
He diagnosed the poor, but was only able to do that because he was an important doctor from a big hospital.
So I realized that if I wanted to do the same thing, I’d need a lot of power myself.
Then it clicked. I saw the meaning in going to school, studied a bunch, and managed to become a doctor myself.
She makes it sound simple, but I’m sure it wasn’t that easy.
That really shows how important that experience was to her.
Enough to completely change her way of thinking.
I don’t think there’s any way I would have become a doctor if I hadn’t experienced that. Let me tell you, I did not like studying.
But that day... it changed everything.
Wanting to help a bunch of people, whether they have money or not... that became my dream.
That’s the thing about a fateful meeting, Shuichiro. It can happen to anyone, anytime, right out of the blue.
A fateful meeting, huh?
I hadn’t thought of that at all.
A meeting like that just might wildly change your future.
So if that kind of opportunity comes... jump on it, all right?
Honestly, I can’t fully grasp what she means.
But I know I can trust her.
I will.
Nothing feels suspicious about her, after all.
Instead, I always feel this... nostalgic scent from her.
Every time I’m on night duty, I add in some more shells I’ve picked up.
My cement has grown long and narrow, sitting at about three by ten centimeters.
Okay... Here we go.
I didn’t think it would take this much time to get it to this size.
Anyway, I slowly fashion it into the shape I want.
......
Wrapping the sandpaper around my finger, I polish it up.
It’s a simple task, and I’m absorbed in it before I know it.
I cycle through the different levels of grit. 400, 1000, 1500, and 2000.
Then...
It’s... finished!
You’ve finally done it, Shuichiro!
Yeah, Amatsu!
I hold my womb-shaped creation tight.
My prostate massager is ready!
This is what I’ve spent all my time making.
I didn’t think anything Ozawa said would be so inspirational.
Me, neither... But he was the one who mentioned training your anus with one of these and experiencing incredible pleasure through a ‘dry orgasm.’
If I experience that, I’ll be as close as I can get to not being a virgin.
I’ve already hidden a small electric massager in my ass, so I’ve got the fundamentals down.
I really do have to thank Ozawa from the bottom of my heart for clueing me into this.
But, Shuichiro, why did you make two? All that did was take more time...
Isn’t it obvious, Amatsu? This one is for you.
W-What?
I simply can’t leave you behind.
Shuichiro, you...
Amatsu smiles with his urethra.
We’re two in one. Two souls, one body.
If I’m losing my virginity, he has to be right there with me.
With this... I’m joining the ranks of sex-havers.
My chest soars with anticipation.
I set the massager before my anus and take a deep breath.
Here goes, Amatsu.
I’m right with you, Shuichiro.
The desire to lose my virginity quickly and the desire to stay the way I am do battle in my heart.
How about a toast, Shuichiro?
A toast, huh? I like the sound of that.
I hold both massagers up high.
To our virginity and these massagers.
Cheers.
I clink the tips together.
Then immediately slide them in.
......!
......?
What’s the matter, Shuichiro?
I don’t... feel anything.
Anything other than wanting to pee. You, Amatsu?
No reaction here, either... At best, it feels like my bladder’s a quarter full?
I pull the massager out of my anus.
I think about what it means.
Does this mean I just... do not have the talent for a dry orgasm?
With no orgasm, I cannot count my virginity as being discarded.
Which means nothing has changed.
Disappointment rains down on me.
Making the thing itself was... really fun.
Yeah. It’s been a while since I’ve seen you enjoy yourself so, Shuichiro.
I got so passionate about making the massager.
I was so into it I didn’t want to talk with anyone. Didn’t want to sleep.
My Artistry score was 7.4, after all.
Yet, if I’m meant to be an expressive person...
...then I already know a mode of expression that cannot be matched.
Exhibitionism. My art.
Now I’m sure of it. There’s nothing better than streaking in this world.
Nothing can top the explosion of impulse, the exposure of emotion.
Nothing could be grander than taking off one’s clothes.
This whole thing only makes me more certain.
It’s about time to put coal into the boilers. Let’s get going, Shuichiro.
Yeah...
I stand up, grabbing the shovel.
Then, I turn around before leaving the room.
Looking back at me are the cleanly washed massagers. The concrete toys I’d spent so much time making.
......
I am bound.
Still bound by an invisible chastity belt.
I think back to what Doctor Higuchi said.
Maybe a fateful moment is waiting.
...But... is it waiting for me?
Will destiny ever really come knocking?
(END)
