Over here, Ozawa.
No ordering your elders around, pipsqueak! I’m gonna sit where I damn well please.
He sits across from me anyway.
Hm? Hey, man, what’s that you got there?
The newspaper.
A black rectangle at the top of the page is adorned with the words “The Tulip Times” in white letters.
It’s the local Tulip Prison version of a nationally published prison newspaper.
The paper is distributed to prisoners rank two and above once a week.
How is it? Anything interesting in there?
Today’s meal is canned tuna, soy sauce-simmered shrimp, and the usual wheat rice.
They take away your paper in the blink of an eye if you don’t finish it before mealtime starts.
Simplified news of the outside and educational stuff.
Nothing stands out about the paper. It’s just normal news.
Worse, the censors don’t want to include anything “too exciting,” so newsworthy crimes and the like aren’t covered.
All we really get are stories about firefighters saving cats from gutters. That kind of stuff.
There’s also educational stories like interviews with reformed inmates on the outside.
Still, I was hoping to take my mind off things.
Huh? Something happen?
Ah, nothing.
There’s not much entertainment in Tulip Prison.
A newspaper with the latest information in it, even if painfully boring, is worth its weight in gold.
Just reading something that isn’t a decrepit old book makes me feel a little better.
Must be nice having privileges... Not like I ever looked twice at a paper back on the outside, though.
Same.
That’s why those with the papers are looked at with envy and asked to lend them out.
Whoa, seriously?! I can’t believe Garfucker fucked the lasagna again this week!
Really?! Lemme see, lemme see! I bet John ate it anyway, didn’t he?!
Just having one lets you enjoy being popular for a while. It’s like a status symbol.
I guess this is how the prison tames you, huh?
......
The system is taming us without us even knowing it, huh?
He’s probably right.
......
I flip the page and see the culture section pop up.
A luxurious, two-page spread occupies it, drawn by an inmate who stays in their cell day and night.
But what draws my eye is the middle of the pages.
The poem corner, “Songs of the Imprisoned,” which has entries from inmates the whole country over.
I see a short poem among them, one that’s easy to miss.
......
It’s full of hard words and I don’t really get it.
But it feels so very sad. So very dark.
Like it was written on doomsday—the day the world ends.
Ozawa, look at this.
Huh? Oh, this poem? Yeah, I know what’s up with that.
Is it famous?
Word has it that poet gets into the poem corner about a hundred percent of the time. And competition is fierce, man, real fierce.
I’ve been told that bored prisoners will often try to write poetry.
That makes the inclusion rate all the more impressive.
Some of the guys here are real superfans, too. Like, look over there.
A man with the paper has a small crowd around him.
Is that the new paper?! Come on, show us Keigo’s poem!
It looks like they’re asking him to show them the poem.
Oh, it’s like every letter is sinking into my skin... I can just feel the chill running down my spine!
And it seems they call the poet “Keigo.”
Yeah, it feels like I’m peeking into a haunted house, man! It gives me the good shivers!
They praise the poem in the strangest of ways.
But it does seem to be well-received.
Rumor has it someone in this prison wrote it—and that she’s a woman!
But there wasn’t any name written on the poem. Gender either.
Well, you can probably figure out why. Look there.
You really think this poem is as good as the men say it is?
Hah, the anal twink poem I wrote is way better.
I caught him thieving / With my own hand
Holy shit, I’m gonna cry...
She puts down the newspaper poem with one of her own.
Looks like people think the poet is a woman from just how harshly the poem is rejected by the same sex.
Either way, whether positive or negative, I’m impressed at how much of a reaction the poem has gotten.
Me personally, I don’t really dig how dark and glum it is, but maybe people in this shithole really relate to it? Probably.
......
All right, scumbags, it’s time for work! Form lines, full speed!
I’m going to start counting down—get over here before I’m done! Ten, nine... hey! You there! Why are you sitting on the floor with your legs scrunched like that? Get up, now!
I-I’ve... already got it up.
Time to clock in already, huh? Well, let’s get to it, man.
......
The hell you ignoring me for?
......
Hey... Shuichiro?
......
Exhibitiman!
Oh! Sorry, what is it?
It’s time for work, remember? You don’t get rid of that and get in line, you’re gonna get chewed out again.
Oh, uh, yeah. Let’s, ah, get to it...
Because of the previous cave-in incident, coal miners are to be accompanied by guards! I will be overseeing today’s morning shift!
Now, let’s be off! Sicko Squad, advance!
......
Sicko Squad, halt! I will now conduct roll call! Number 0720!
Hey, respond! I don’t care if you’re a model prisoner—I’ll tear into you if you’re slacking! Where are you?!
Captain Shikolenko, Number 0720 is still advancing!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Ghh! What ARE you doing?!
Huh? What’s going on?
That’s what I want to ask! I can’t see what’s in front of you. What’s happening?!
My balls are shaking. A lot.
That’s not what I wanted to hear! Hrahhhhhh!
Haa, haa, haa... You nearly gave me a heart attack!
......
What has gotten into you, 0720?! Were you trying to jump to your death? Even a brainless inmate like you should know what’ll happen if you make a drop like that!
I-I know...
If I didn’t work out, you would be dead!
......
I ask again: what’s gotten into you?!
As punishment, you’ll... You know what, just get to work! And by elevator, not freefall!
All right, boys, let’s finish this job so quick we leave the captain on her ass! Roadheader, vor!
......
Hey, Exhibitiman?
Huh?
That’s a pine rock you’re hitting. You’re the one who taught me you can’t break those things with a pick, remember?
Oh. Right.
Keep working, inmates, and get that quota met! And put safety first! Watch out for cave-ins!
God, why did it have to be me on the first day? It’s so dim and creepy down here...
Captain Shikolenko!
What?!
Number 0720 is eating a rock!
Excuse me?!
Om, nom, nom...
Excuse me?!
This rice ball is... pretty hard.
You’re going to break your stomach and your teeth eating this!
Don’t worry, I have an iron gut...
Stop talking to that rock! I’m over here!
Good metaphor, she is stiff as a rock.
Address that thing as ma’am if you think it’s me!
Captain Shikolenko!
What?!
An equipment malfunction has put the methane gas over five percent! A fire’s broken out!
Run to the fireproof filters, everyone! Evacuate, now!
Phew... Everyone’s here, right? Get behind the barr—
Captain Shikolenko!
What is it now?!
Number 0720 isn’t here!
Number 0720, where are you?!
Haa, haa...
Haa, haa...
What is going ON with you?!
Thank you so much, ma’am...
Don’t call that rock ma’am! Thank me, not it!
Grglgrglgrgl...!
Captain Shikolenko! Exhibitiman nearly drowned in the bath for some reason!
Can you just... reel it in already?!
......
And why is it that every time Number 0720 causes a problem, you call for me?
Huh? Well, Captain Shikolenko, you used to be his assigned officer...
We thought you were fond of him, you know, and were taking care of him.
......
Why would you...?
It’s time for another hour of rehabilitation class, so...
...why do you look like your soul’s left your body?
......
Have you figured out what to do? We need to report what we’re making and who’s on the team.
The deadline is tomorrow. It’d be no exaggeration to say we’re down to the wire. Have you come to any decision?
And if we’re too quiet to the Chief, she may think we’re done with her. Have you contacted her at all?
......
Kurebayashi lets out a baffled sigh.
If you’re going to stay like that, I’ll step out for a little. There’s something I want to get done.
......
Look. How about you take a walk, too? Clear your head a little.
Like, to the library, or something. You’ve got to return that book today, don’t you?
Kurebayashi sends me off, and I head for the library.
I have to return the book I borrowed, the one that helped me make the cement.
Ouch.
I haven’t been able to get into anything today. I don’t even remember what I’ve been up to.
That really hurt.
I know, very clearly, the reason.
That... poem.
My mind hasn’t been the same since reading it.
It was so short. Just a few lines, really.
I’ve barely ever read a novel or a short story.
Nor have I ever thought about prose quality before.
Yet.
......
Just remembering those lines fills me with emotion.
I can feel a fire in my heart.
A strong excitement.
My chest sings. My circulation rages.
That poem clutched my heart.
To a degree that shocks me.
Yet, I can’t put these feelings into words. Not clearly so.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen...
It feels like there is a raging fire in my gut, yet one that threatens to burn out and vanish in smoke at any moment.
The COCKS were striking thirteen? Thirteen what?! Oh, don’t tell me what filthy scenarios you’ve come up with—die! Die, you!
It feels fundamentally different from sexual desire.
A sort of intense emotion, one that feels moments away from exploding.
Wait, that’s it...
I’ve experienced a similar emotion before.
It happened back at school, on the roof.
I was looking down on the yard from atop an empty school building...
...and I stripped off all my clothes for the first time in my life.
......
Something jumps into my vision.
A girl I’ve never seen before.
A fragile girl, with jet-black hair and ebony clothes I haven’t seen around the prison.
......
This is the library’s blind spot.
She’s sitting at a little old desk that even the regulars here have forgotten about.
There’s a half-written poem on it.
The words are out of my mouth before I’m aware I’ve spoken.
Would you make a story with me?
I think that today...
What?
...I’ve met my destiny.
The next evening.
We gather at the library.
......
Noah Kurebayashi. Hard to grasp, but good at programming.
......
Taeka Hatae. The face of the inmate population, her paintings have a unique allure.
......
Finally, the mysterious girl. A gloomy poet with the ability to grip the heart.
All right, time to announce what the project is.
I feel like everything’s come together in my head.
I’ll tell you what we’re going to make for our group project...
I know what we can do with this team. We’re going to make...
...a game.
(END)
Today marks the first day of our game development proper.
We only get the rehabilitation program’s evening hour for our meeting.
I suggested the library for our first meeting place.
......
Reason being, it’s where I first met her.
Hello.
Nn...?
After seeing us, she looks a mix of surprised and shaken.
I’m prisoner number 0720, Exhibitiman. Obscenity Ward.
Prisoner number 0721, Drone Girl. Obscenity Ward. A pleasure.
Prisoner number 0019, guess they call me the Chief. Nothing too interesting to me, but I lead the prisoners in the Serious Offenses Ward. Hope we get along.
When we finish our greetings, her eyes go left to right as she shudders in silence.
What’s your name?
...o.
Oh?
Nn... pi...
Onpi, then.
What do you have to do to get a nickname like that?
Let’s not complain about other people’s nicknames.
She picks up the notebook I brought for meeting notes and jots something down with a pencil.
Then, she shows it to me.
Chisato?
...s.
She lowers her chin an imperceptible inch.
Well, this is Chisato. Let’s all get along, okay?
Isn’t that her real name? What happened to her nickname?
She probably doesn’t mind. Besides, I’m none too fond of all that fancy nickname jazz. Real names just feel right.
Let’s call each other by our real names, then. I’m Shuichiro Minato.
Noah Kurebayashi.
Taeka Hatae.
...o...i...
Wait, what’s your prisoner number?
Haven’t seen your face or fit around either, missy.
Chisato’s prison uniform is drastically different from ours.
It looks really sloppy, like it’s just squares of black cloth tied together.
I like to think I’m pretty well-known and in the know around here, but... where’s your get-up from?
Nn...
Those are special transport handcuffs. Why haven’t you had them taken off?
That mean you’re new here?
Uh... Ah...
Uah?
Th... u...
Whatcha say?
......
......
It doesn’t look like Chisato is good at talking.
As leader, it’s time to throw her a lifeboat.
......!
What’s the matter, kid?
Nothing.
Wait a second. I’m not good at talking either.
Okay, plan aborted.
I-I... I...
H-Ha...ven...t haven’t...
So, what kind of game’re we making?
...ven’t...
Let’s make an RPG. One even better than Dragon Quest.
Your mom drop you on your head? We’re a bunch of amateurs. We can’t make an RPG.
...s-sa...id... s-said I’d...
Really?
...do...
How about a visual novel or something? Like, I hear they’re braindead easy to make.
Braindead easy?
I haven’t played too many games myself, so I’ll leave the details to you.
I can’t do anything too hard, but I can take care of the programming.
So I’ll be doing the pictures, then, huh?
And Chisato here will be writing the story.
...sa...id...
And I’ll take care of everything else.
Leave it all to me.
......
So. How do you make a game, anyway?
So apparently, when you’re making a PC game, it’s all about gathering these digital ‘assets’ first.
With no idea where to start, I decide to call my sister.
Big sorry for pushing this on you.
Oh, you know there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you, Shu! Besides, this is just stuff I’ve heard on the job. See, one of the directors a client knows used to work at a game company back in the day.
Hinako is a voice actress by profession.
She’s not the most successful or popular voice actress, but she seems to be making good money lately with another job.
Hinako told me the details once, but since it didn’t have anything to do with exhibitionism, I’ve forgotten it.
At the very least, she isn’t performing in any adult games. I think.
For example, you’ve got to get the art and the story and the music and stuff together as data that your program can use.
And those are... ‘assets?’
Yeah! Like, with art, you’ve got these ‘sprites,’ right? So it’s a director’s job to organize them and make sure they’re consistent, that kind of thing.
I see.
And the art in visual novels is super important, too!
The art.
Yeah. He said the art is most important, so you have to put more effort into it than anything else.
More effort into it... than anything else.
He said nothing else affects sales more, so you have to be a real perfectionist about it.
Sales...
He even went as far as to say you don’t have to care about anything else, especially the story. You can just have a monkey write it and it’ll sell.
......!
Professionals really do have the best insight.
I’m glad I asked.
Anyway, that said, I personally think it’s probably most important you all get used to the digital stuff.
You’ve been a huge help.
I can’t believe you’re actually doing a group project, Shu! You couldn’t even participate in sports day, and here you are... Oh, boohoohoo!
Don’t cry, Hinako.
Since I’ve got Sofurin’s eyes on me, I’ve got to submit at least the minimum viable product.
I’ll work something out.
It’s most logical to have everyone able to make these “assets,” I think to myself.
I do love logical things.
Computer supplies are available for borrowing at the rehabilitation center’s reception desk.
Unfortunately, they only have the bare minimum. Something about the national budget.
All we have to work with are “keyboards,” “microphones,” and “earphones,” really.
You can have the prison buy what you want with a request sheet if the warden approves, but they say it takes half a year to get here.
Because they spend a lot of time looking for the cheapest option.
That’s why I feel really lucky they had a “pen tablet” among their supplies.
So this here is called a pen tablet, and you, um, use this program right here...
So I can use this board to draw pictures on a computer? Huh. Sounds like magic.
The receptionist Crappymori gave a detailed explanation.
Apparently, she’d used one a little bit before and knew the basics.
So, where on this board does the picture show up?
W-Well, it’s a pen tablet, so you have to look at the big screen above...
Ah, I see, I see... Wait, what the hell? The lines are popping up way after I moved my pen!
L-Like I said before, t-there’s lag, so you have to, um, account for that!
Hey, the computer froze when I raised the ‘Dee Pee Eye!’
T-That’s the resolution, s-so you really don’t want to tinker with it too much!
Then where’d the thing I was just drawing disappear to?!
If it’s listed as ‘Untitled 1,’ t-that means it hasn’t been saved, so...
The Chief is having a hard time.
Un...do? What do you mean, ‘undo’?!
T-That’s a really useful function, so you’ll want to...
A yakuza never goes back on her lines!
The desk the Chief yakuza-kicks assails my hips.
Bwaha! I-I’m shaking scared, but I can’t... can’t stop laughing, pfff...!
......
A-Anyway, y-you’ll want to get used to pressing control plus S if you don’t want this to happen again. I-It’ll really come in handy.
Ah, so this lets me save instantly, huh?
Y-Yeah, and you can do it with your left hand alone, so...
Heh, this is something a yakuza who’s blown it can’t pull off.
W-Why?
They don’t have little fingers.
Huh?
Ahahahaha!
What’s so funny?
Eep!
Teaching really is a difficult job, I think to myself.
Yakuza are... frightening.
That’s probably what it’s like teaching a grandma how to use any given machine.
Kurebayashi, the programmer, is the most used to computers.
She’s a big help to me, too. I’m from the tablet generation and don’t know computers too well.
She’s speedily typing away at the keyboard as she stretches and contracts pictures on a paint program.
I’ve seen a lot of designs as a DTP operator in the paper room, so I have some confidence in my aesthetic sense. I’ve got this.
A DTP operator, apparently, is someone who checks the data when it’s time to print things.
She says she’s never used design software before, but I figure she’ll be good at it.
Oh, and one important visual detail that’s deceptively important is the UI design!
A low-usability design hurts the game as a whole, so blah blah yada yada...
That’s another thing my sister told me.
So I’ve been leaving the visual design of the game (I’m told this is called a UI) and the like to Kurebayashi.
It’s hard on the eyes.
I suspect this was the wrong decision.
No it isn’t. It’s hip and cool.
Well, where are the buttons?
You mouse over the background here and voila, there’s actually a button there. Pretty cutting-edge, huh?
Kurebayashi moves over to the other picture she’d been working on, and a white button pops out from the blue background.
It looks like she was making a sample to show what kind of motions it can do.
She is right. It is cutting-edge.
But is this... what we want to go with?
Why the hesitation? Is it not super glitzy? You can’t stress enough how stylish it is.
It is... pretty cool, I have to say.
Yeah, you bet. Just like Persona.
Just like Persona.
Right?
Games nowadays need to be stylish, so we want to go with this. We want to Personamaxx.
It... really is stylish, I have to say.
But the design looks like she took the namesake mask and punched it a good six times.
Where’s the... button?
The colors are flashing too, so the visuals are just confusing.
Listen, I know what I’m talking about. Leave this to the expert.
......
Well, she has a point. In terms of computer knowledge and design sense, Kurebayashi towers over me.
It’s hard to ask her for a do-over.
Kurebayashi’s design isn’t the only problem on my plate, either.
Chisato.
Uwh?!
She always hops a good meter in the air whenever I call out to her.
Come on, nothing to be afraid of...
Hsss! Hsssss!
Easy there, easy...
She’s always in the library.
No matter how many times I ask, she never comes to the computer room.
I would truly appreciate it if you would let me know how your progress has been.
According to Hinako, this is the standard phrase for checking up on creative types.
Oh... ah...
Is it done?
We... nmm.
Not yet?
N...o...
For some reason, my conversations with Chisato never go too well.
Eyes darting back and forth and fingers poking together, she finally forces out a short sentence.
D-Done... nothing...
Looks like she hasn’t done anything.
I see. Well, I’d love for you to get writing.
I-I... I don’t wanna.
Why not?
I-I do not wish to... w-write.
She does not wish to write.
Why not?
I-I’ve... never written a s-story...
I see. Well, I know you can do it.
B-Basis...?
I know you can.
Weak...
She tugs at her unnaturally long right bangs.
I-I can’t write...
You’ll be fine.
I won’t write...
Anyone can.
W-Well, not me...
She faces away, hiding her mouth with a book.
Her desire to hide her face really comes across.
You won’t write? No matter what?
Y-Yeah...
Really?
R-Really...
Got it.
Phew...
Then I’ll get you writing, no matter what it takes.
......?!
I’ll keep coming to this library every day until you get started.
Ghh... Huh...?
Hide behind all the bookshelves you want, I’ll find you.
You can hide in the bathroom or run into the bowels of hell—it won’t matter. I’ll drag you out and keep pestering you.
Eep!
And if you still won’t put pen to paper, I’ll have to use my last resort.
W-What would...?
I’ll strip off my clothes, get on my knees... and beg.
......
......
Right here?
Of course, I’ll keep my socks on.
P-Please no...
My shoes on too.
Y-You’re scaring...
Chisato looks as scared as can be.
S-Socio...path...
......
P-Psycho...
......
You got this.
......
I believe in your skills.
She lowers her face.
Her eyes stop wavering, and she looks up at me.
Wh...y...?
Yeah?
W-Why go so far... for someone you just... just met?
W-Why believe so much?
Because... I want to see what you write.
Ah...
Her writing has that kind of appeal to it.
That’s why I want her to be our writer.
There’s no other reason.
I... h...
Hm?
It’s... hard.
But Chisato struggles out some words and disappears.
(END)
I didn’t get that okay from Chisato.
If we don’t keep the project going, though, we’ll be late—and Sofurin will be angry.
She gets angry... so quickly.
This is a completely new activity for me to begin with, and we just don’t have time.
Oh, come on... I went and colored in the ‘lineart layer’ thing again! Tch!
Hgrmph.
Once again, the Chief is fighting a losing battle against her art program.
Crappymori said you never want to put color here, but... isn’t it all the same? What’s the big deal?
Crappymori has long since been scared off and doesn’t show her face anymore.
What are you drawing?
Hm? Just an apple. Really, anything round would do.
Pretty ironic to draw an apple on a PC.
Guess I’ll draw a pear, then.
I peer at her screen to see an apple drawn with twisted lines.
It looks like she’s doing a warmup.
Still, it’s a lot less appealing than what she drew on canvas.
Good grief, this digital art stuff is just arcane... It’s giving me a harder time than I expected.
What part don’t you understand?
Hell, what part do I understand? There’s way too many buttons to wrap my mind around, and it’s not like there’s a manual anywhere, right?
The computer has a lot of picture data in it to handle the paper room’s DTP, but there’s no manual in sight.
We can’t look it up online either because there’s no internet.
The hardest thing to comprehend is this thing here: the ‘layers.’
She points to a group of windows on the bottom left of the screen labeled “layers.”
Can you make heads or tails of it, kid?
I’ve never heard of this concept before.
Yeah? Unfortunately for me, it looks like I’ve got to use these layer things well if I want to draw on a computer. ‘Effects,’ too.
She groans as she rubs at her temple with her pen.
What to do, what to do... This would be so much easier if I could just use actual paint.
The different tools are clearly causing her stress.
Kurebayashi, do you know what a layer is?
Huh? A group of classes with link-time module dependencies to other modules. Basic programming.
I see.
A group of classes with link-time module dependencies to other modules. ‘Basic programming.’
Hmm, this... really isn’t working. Let’s see...
Kurebayashi isn’t having an easy time, either.
Grahh!
She’s also the type to hit her desk.
What’s giving you trouble?
I can get pictures to show up, but... I can’t really control where with script commands alone.
I need to control the display area of pictures that have alpha channel information, but it’s hard to universalize them with tags.
......
......
I see.
In other words, I’m having trouble making a foundational system that can read direction or effect tags from the story manuscript and have it display images.
......
To put it simply, imagine that after we’ve pulled up background A, we place character B. Now, even if we do an effect where only one of them moves, they BOTH move with the current system.
I understand completely.
That... feels like it would be easy to solve.
It’d be easy to fix as a one-off, but doing every instance manually would take forever. You want a universal fix. Besides, getting saves and stuff to work is already going to eat up a lot of time.
I don’t really get it, but it sounds like making a function to make everything easy is... well, hard.
The UI’s been rough, too. It’s really annoying to set every individual button to be clickable on every single image... We can’t use my super stylish interface like this.
......
And here I thought anyone could make a visual novel.
Yeah?
It’s not like it has to do anything complicated. I mean, it’s just pictures and text appearing and disappearing, so I thought even a moron could crank one out.
......
It’s a lot more of a pain than I thought.
She slams the enter key and lets out a sigh.
If nothing changes, these two are just going to get more and more frustrated.
Let’s get out of here.
Working at something you don’t understand is just inefficient. It’s not a logical approach.
So let’s hit the books.
We’re allowed to use the library as we wish during rehabilitation program time.
Since the PCs in the computer room aren’t connected to the internet, it’s difficult to get quick answers.
We are criminals locked in cages, after all.
Chief, what kind of school did you go to?
I ask her as we crab-walk around in front of the bookshelves, combing for low-hanging books.
Hm? I went to Ongashiragiku. Ever hear of it, kid?
I have not.
It’s a real auspicious girls’ school. One of Fukuoka’s most famous.
Auspicious... girls’ school?
What’s wrong, kid? Can’t a yakuza’s daughter go to a fancy private school?
I had thought you would... spend your days fighting.
That’s what a street thug does, kid. Nowadays, you can’t make it as a real gangster if you can’t use the ole noggin.
She scoffs and shrugs.
I did drop out, though. Heh... You’re right about the part where rogues like us can’t really live normal lives.
What a coincidence. I’m a dropout, too.
Where’d you go to, Kurebayashi?
A full package school around Sendai. Grew up a little further south, but I lived in a dorm there.
Tulip Prison has gathered a rogues’ gallery of irredeemable sex perverts from all around the country.
That’s why you’ll get people from opposite ends of Japan like this.
I didn’t expect them both to be dropouts, though. What an irresponsible pair.
I bet you’re a dropout, too.
......!
Oh. Yeah. Right.
Pfff... I’ll say. You look like you’re younger than us too, kid.
You got the smell of money on you, too. You from a good school?
I went to a combination school in Tokyo. A normal one.
We don’t look too different in age, I think to myself.
Have... none of us here actually used a school library before?
Why do something so inefficient when the internet is right there?
How about a public library?
Unfortunately, yakuza ain’t exactly welcome in municipal spaces.
They come out and say it. The internet serves all your research needs.
All books are digital, too, for this generation. Our generation.
How do you look for books, anyway?
Beats me.
No idea.
None of us know how to look.
I thought it would be on the technology shelf, but all that’s there are books about getting certifications.
Is this it? This, uh, SQL thing?
That’s not what we’re after. Hm, there’s Java books, but no C++. Doesn’t really matter, though, I’m not picky.
And this ‘database’ stuff... probably isn’t what we’re after.
If only there was a game development section, it would be so easy then.
Oh, hey, it’s Chisato.
Hm? She’s here in the library? Where?
Shvrshvrshvr...
She’s trembling in the corner over there.
Chisato shudders by a bookshelf like an abused cat, avoiding our eyes.
Poor girl must have been through something really scary.
No idea what could have happened?
No idea. Every evening break I make sure to whisper in her ear for a good thirty minutes until she agrees to write the story, so if anyone was bothering her, I would have noticed.
......
It must have happened when I wasn’t looking.
Hey, we’re looking for something! It’ll take a while, but lend us a—
Eeps?!
......
Hey, kid...
What’s up?
I’m not... that scary, am I?
......
Don’t give up yelling at her after just one try.
I’m sure your next yell will go over better.
I had a reputation of being a kind-hearted yakuza back home, too...
Wait, friendly neighborhood yakuzas really exist?
The Chief seems kind of shocked.
Chief, are you the type kids are afraid of?
What, me? No... hmm. You know, maybe.
Chisato seems to be really afraid of people shouting.
Oh, so that’s why you were whispering into her ear?
Was it really worth running away over? Over just being loud?
She probably thought you were angry at her.
I hear kids around second grade tend to think that a lot.
We get back to our book search while we chat.
It isn’t like we have that much time.
How about we ask the librarian?
You there! What is this garbage you’re reading? ‘Jungle Fuck?!’ Comparing pubes to a jungle, are we?! How indecent!
What? No, this is just a famous book for children...
For children?! What disgusting trash are they publishing nowadays?! Filthy, filthy, filthy!
Let’s give it up for now.
She’s got a real quick trigger. Might punish you for the crime of just talking to her.
The library is massive, and basically flooded with books.
Do we have any hope of finding what we’re after here?
Maybe I should ask someone more knowledgeable. Mr. Kugitani, for instance.
Hey. Over there.
......?
I turn around to see Chisato is back.
Um...
She fidgets nervously as she steals glances our way.
I give the Chief a look.
Don’t worry, kid. I got it.
......
You want me to not be loud, right?
W...
I’ve led hundreds... no, thousands of stubborn, head-ass punks in my day.
Uhh...
Holding back here, that’ll be a... piece of cake...
I-I...
Calm. Collected. Understanding, but firm. That’s what a real yakuza is.
......
......
......
......
M-Maybe I shouldn’t...
Get your ass over here, punk!
Chisato runs up to us at the Chief’s roar, tears in her eyes.
S-Sorry! This is just a habit I had from the outside, I’m not angry with you! Honest!
S-Sure, it’s fine..
The Chief is pretty patient. I’m surprised she snapped.
I see where she’s coming from. Hell, I’m surprised you don’t get annoyed talking to this creature.
Hm? What’s there to get annoyed about?
That attitude. Trembling and nervous, stealing glances and running off... It’s just really annoying.
I don’t see it.
The guards and other prisoners in the library are all shaking in silence. The Chief really knows how to stun ’em.
So, what’s up?
Steeling herself, she takes the book she’s been hugging to her chest and smacks my head with it.
H-How... howz th’s...?
It’s a thick book, so it really hurts.
I-I found... i-it... H-Heard... t-talk... s-so, I-I-I-I...
Alpha?
I scratch my head as I take the book, thicker than a dictionary, from her.
The title reads:
Art Software Even a Pedo Can Understand...?
Unfortunately, I’m not a luster after little lasses. Those types are pretty hated in normal joints, too.
T-Turn to... p-page twenty-four...
She points to the book with a barely audible voice.
Getting kind of irritated just looking at that book.
I open it to see a little girl with an obnoxious look taunting me. “You don’t even know what a layer is? Loooossserrr!”
Where’d you find this?
O-Over there, t-the educational... s-shelf.
O-Other educational stuff that’s n-not certs is on t-the hobby shelf...
I guess this isn’t the kind of thing you’d find on the technology shelf.
I didn’t even know there was an education shelf.
Or that this book would be so...
I see. So that’s what a layer is.
Figured it out already, kid?
I decide to break it down easily for our resident yakuza.
Using a personalized example.
Chief. Right now, you’re... naked.
......
......
Why?
Does one need a reason to be naked?
Could you drop the volume, then? We don’t want the guards to hear us.
There’s really no need to wear clothes, hypothetically or in reality, but I’ll reluctantly make it an invisible kimono.
An invisible kimono?
I’m compromising here.
......
......
Continue.
When you’re wearing a kimono, first you put on your undergarments, then the kimono proper, then that coat thingy...
The haori. Hakama, too.
Yeah, there we go. Those four pieces make the set.
Sounds warmer than being in the buff.
But, Chief, you’re... yakuza.
Yeah, I sure am.
As a yakuza, you’ll want to paint on your family crest, right?
Not really worth the effort when it’s invisible, but yeah.
But if you were to paint the Hatae Clan’s crest, which part of the invisible kimono would you pick?
Well, I’d... go for the hakama.
What would that leave you with?
I’d be naked... with my crest?
That’s so cool...!
......
......
Please continue.
Now, afterwards, if you very foolishly wanted to color the whole thing, what would you do?
If I don’t want to erase the crest, well, I’d color the kimono underneath and—
Ahh, I get it.
And that, apparently, is what a layer is.
Splitting a picture by layers allows you to keep what you draw separate while occupying the same space.
In other words, if you want to put some blue on top of a red background, splitting them into layers can let you do all the fine-tuning you want.
By bringing all of these together, you can make a single piece.
After mulling it over, the Chief finally nods.
Well, that sounds... Yeah, no, that sounds pretty handy. Like, when you think about it.
She nods deeply, again and again.
She’d only painted with oil and watercolors before, but she seems to have grasped the alien concept of digital layers.
You know... this can apply to how the game works, too.
If I make it a rule that one picture goes into one layer, controlling the effects should be a lot easier.
This is all me just processing what I read in the book.
It explains the other concepts really well, too.
Hey, Ms. Kurebayashi. You said you were a DTP operator or something, right? You didn’t know about layers?
This series may sound pretty suspect on the surface, but...
It was just data checking. It’s not like I took the job seriously.
...it might actually be the real deal.
A-And here’s... a reference book...
Reference book?
I-It’s like... a dic-dictionary...
I open it up to see all of the program functions listed in order, each with illustrated explanations.
There’s a glossary with page numbers at the back of the book, too.
Wow! With this thing, I can look up whatever function I don’t get in the blink of an eye!
She flips through the pages, letting out a sigh filled with awe.
F-For her, I... I f-found this.
Oh... Hey, this is a C++ book.
Hmm... bit of an old version, but more than enough for a mere visual novel.
Looks like she found the book Kurebayashi needed, too.
Though this one wasn’t on the education shelf, but elsewhere.
Chisato, you... really know the library.
Oh. Uh. Yeah.
You come here often.
I kind of just... k-know where things are.
This is where I met her, after all.
Maybe she’s always reading books when she has free time.
That explains the gripping poetry.
If I keep coming often too, I can keep my persuasion going...
I see, I see! You can do all this with that program, huh? Looks like it’ll be worth wrestling with!
There might just be a game engine reference book around here, too... Just getting my hands on that would skyrocket my productivity.
The Chief and Kurebayashi are pretty happy.
When I see how eager they are to contribute to the project, well.
I can’t help but feel...
...strangely happy myself.
......?
Why do I feel that way, though?
How strange, I think to myself.
Thanks, Darlin’ Darkness. You really went above and beyond, huh?
She flashes Chisato a pleasant smile.
Eheh, ehehe, eheh...
She smiles like a flower going into bloom.
That was a laugh? Sounded like a cat barfing.
I find myself thinking.
Maybe it will be smooth sailing from here.
......
What’s the matter, Chisato?
T-This... for... for you.
She has a book for me, too.
‘Story Writing Even A Pedo Can Understand...’
......
......
C-Can you... leave me alone now...?
(END)
I’ve still got an important job left to do.
And the most important thing of all is the design document!
Myahhh!
A design document?
Meoww.
Yeah, it’s this thing that’s got what the game is like, what it’s about, who the audience is, that kind of thing.
For a visual novel, the big thing to nail down is what kind of story it is.
You don’t have to write a fully detailed plot outline, but a bite-sized summary would probably be good.
The director said that without one of these doc things, the whole project would get all messy with no foundation.
With that said, I need to make a design document.
I can’t let things get messy. Messier, I think to myself.
My motivation is high.
There’s no doubt in my mind I can pull this off.
......
Yo, Shuichiro, what’s up? Man, it’s been cold as hell lately, huh?
......
Know how I’m in the kitchen lately? You use a lot of cold water in cooking, and lemme tell ya, it’s been killer on my hands. My skin’s all messed up.
Hmm...
I write on the toilet paper, the only paper available to me, then cross out the words.
Whatcha up to there?
Writing a... game design document.
I groan and scratch my cheek.
The project has no direction without one of these, so the group is at a standstill.
It’s... very hard.
I need to hurry up and finish the document, but it isn’t going too well.
I’ve never made something like this before.
It’s far harder than I expected.
Thinkin’ it up seems fun though, right? Om, nom... Like, let’s hear what you got. I played a shit-ton on the outside.
After drinking down his wheat rice and natto with some miso soup, Ozawa sits back in his chair.
First... we have a protagonist. A guy.
Okay, guy, got it.
Then there’s a heroine. She’s very cute. Probably younger than him.
Okay.
Then, his friend. Average height and build, about a hundred and seventy-two centimeters tall with hair about down to his ears. He’s in the baseball club and aces all his tests.
......
......
Weirdly detailed, huh?
It is set in the near future.
Japan is under the iron heel of a dire man-made weapon: MESSGAKI.
The protagonist and heroine form a resistance organization, Noah’s Ark, in an attempt to stop them.
MESSGAKI, by the way, are hyperaggressive, artificial weapon life forms that rain mockery upon adult men, and only adult men, destroying their self-respect.
No one knows where they came from.
With every inch of Japanese soil conquered by these self-replicating weapons, mankind takes to the seas to find new life atop the waters.
Eventually, the seabound scientists develop a special energy weapon that worms its way only into artificial life: VIBE.
MESSGAKI are only vulnerable to attacks from weapons made from VIBE cells extracted from them, generally called ‘correction.’
In the end, total war breaks out between the MESSGAKI and humanity, but amid the fighting, a third faction appears: the crunchy moms, who join hands with humanity against the artificial threat.
And then?
We... get a very happy ending.
......
......
The title is... Pervzerk.
Here’s the first line.
‘It was much too big to be called a vibrator...’
......
......
You think that, like, sounds good?
I had a feeling you’d say that. I was thinking the same thing, really.
Feeling embarrassed, I crush up the paper I’d been writing on.
I have to get this done and fast, but my pencil simply will not move.
Until now, I’ve...
I’ve mocked games that were bad. That were boring.
How... foolish I was.
My mind hasn’t been this stressed since ethics class at school.
Being here in prison really brings the regrets, huh?
Yeah...
I remember being at a loss back then. How little I could understand of what anyone else was saying.
I was so worried and nervous.
If only some brilliant idea could hit me, then I could—
Wait! That’s it!
What’s it?
Listen up, Ozawa.
The protag... is a rubber man.
Then he travels by ship to islands and developing countries.
The risk of pregnancy in developing countries is high.
His catchphrase is, ‘I’m gonna become King of Contraception! WITH ANAL!’
Shuichiro.
Though it does seem like anal sex carries a higher risk of STDs, so—
Shuichiro!
What?
That’s been done.
Huh?
Something kinda like that. It’s been done.
......
Though saying it’s kinda like that kinda feels even more fucked...
I’m shocked. I thought it was my original, but I’m retreading old ground.
Have I been ripped off?
I can’t believe someone would go and steal what’s in my head.
Hrmmm...
With no idea what to do, I find myself completely stuck.
......
Nnnnn...!
Number 0720, you’ve been fidgeting and grumbling for hours! Drop and give me a hundred as punishment! Now!
Nnn...! Nnn...!
Do you have to make it look so easy...?!
Captain Shikolenko, what if the protagonist is an alien with a monkey tail who—
It’s been done already! It’s time to sleep, so close those eyes!
I pull up my covers and bury my face in my pillow.
Hnn...
Still can’t think up anything, Shuichiro?
Yeah... I’m just coming up dry, Amatsu.
No story idea is really jumping out at me.
The longer I worry at it, the less likely it feels that inspiration will strike.
If I don’t do something... the project’s a wash.
Right now, the problem is that there’s no project at all.
I guess I just don’t have taste.
I need to fulfill my duty as leader, as the one who gathered the team together.
Yet I... probably don’t have the talent to follow through.
What’s important isn’t taste, but effort.
Talking to Amatsu eases my heart a little.
But I can’t hold up the project forever.
I have to come up with something good, no matter what.
Say. Does it... have to be good?
What do you mean, Amatsu?
His tone is soft and reassuring.
I think you’re doing things a little too well. A little too professionally.
But if you’re doing something, why not do it well? That makes sense.
You’re not making a product to sell, though, are you, Shuichiro?
He... does have a point.
One thing led to another, and now we’re making a game. That’s all.
All we need is something to hand in to Sofurin.
Maybe, then, instead of trying to make something good, you could just make something that expresses what you want to express?
You mean like... exhibitionism?
Exactly. Game dev and exhibitionism aren’t so different.
That’s a ridiculous comparison. Exhibitionism is art, a question of how beautifully you can expose your cock, a—
Exactly—expose what’s inside you, expose yourself. The very thing you’ve been denied all this time—expose and express it with this game.
Wouldn’t that be... self-indulgent?
Self-indulgence is just... unsightly.
If there’s anything that can be self-indulgent and get away with it, it’s art, Shuichiro.
Amatsu does not let up.
There are things that only you can think of, ideas that only you can have. Everyone has their own niche.
Express myself? My uniqueness?
Without imitating others or copying what’s already out there?
Instead of trying to be anyone but yourself, expose yourself. Like taking off your clothes.
Like taking off my clothes...
It’s time for self-expression, Shuichiro.
If you express yourself as hard as you can...
...I think something people call
......!
I feel a lot of things come together.
I get up and write. Not on the toilet paper I have around, but on the last page of my rehabilitation journal.
Go for it, Shuichiro!
I write and write as my heart dictates, unceasing.
......!
In this very moment...
...I feel I am loved by the god of art.
The design doc is done.
The next day, I’m standing in the computer room, design doc in hand.
And it is incredible.
The grapevine told me you were really wracking your brains over this one.
I remind you that my Artistry score was 7.4.
You all right there, kid?
I’m more than all right. I’m beloved by the god of art.
I hand them the papers. The two exchange glances and flip through them.
Their expressions immediately change.
My god, kid...
No way...!
Yeah, way.
I can’t believe what I’m reading.
Yeah, this is a total piece of shit!
Kid, I’ve got to hand it to you. I’ve never read something this terminally crappy in my life!
It’s vomit-inducingly terrible! I’d rather get an anal probe than sit through a second of this!
......!
My game’s plot is thus.
The protagonist is a perverted student, tormented for his unusual fetish (being compelled to masturbate whenever he sees a flash of a girl’s panties).
One day, he gains special powers (I’ll think of the reason later).
So he gets pervy ESP—PESP,
Said power being able to manipulate laws of cummality to bust out results unexplainable by modern science.
Gaining the ability Tumbleweed (wind manipulation for tearing off people’s clothes), the protagonist plots to conquer his tormenters—the normies, those with accepted fetishes.
His classmates, his parents, and random folks in town—the protagonist unlocks the dark libido sleeping within them, giving birth to more sickos like him.
And then he’s opposed by a non-profit organization, ‘69&i Holdings (temp),’ who hold that a sound heart comes from a sound mind.
The company turns out to be a dark organization seeking to drive perverts into extinction in a bid to erase special powers from the world... Yeesh, they’re rougher than yakuza.
In the last act, the army invades the protagonist’s town and they fight (he’ll probably start losing).
But because he turned so many townspeople into perverts, many of them awaken to their powers and form an army of their own.
And thus begins the perverts’ final battle, the Twilight of the Normies...
Like, isn’t this just incredible stuff?
It’s a top-tier story!
Hey, don’t get me wrong. I’m not a specialist here, so this might actually be pretty good.
And besides, this setting thing... how the perverts are psychics with powers based on their fetishes, that’s pretty cool. Like, this guy likes panty flashes so he can use wind... that’s good, isn’t it?
On the other hand, that’s the only thing it has going for it.
......!
I’ve got to agree. The protagonist is just a selfish asshole, I don’t see why the enemy group is trying to erase special powers from the world, and they drag civvies into this? You can’t just do that.
And there’s too much damn jargon.
But the whole thing feels confused and unfocused. Cliché take, but it feels like a shitty webnovel made solely to buck trends.
They outright say it.
They don’t really get my story.
......
There’s just no way, I think to myself.
The story could not be more clear, and the characters could not be more vivid.
You could look all over the world and not find a design doc this inspiring.
But they can’t see that?
......!
I get it. It makes sense now.
Haha.
They just don’t have taste, I think to myself.
Why the scoff?
They don’t have an artistic bone in their bodies, so they can’t see the cutting brilliance of my story.
Whatever’s going on in that head, it ain’t good.
I have an Artistry score of 7.4, one head and shoulders above the average person.
Being misunderstood simply comes with the territory of being a genius.
By the way, what Artistry scores did you two get?
8.7.
Think it was 9.1.
......?!
I fall speechless.
To think that there were people more artistic than I in Tulip Prison.
Still, it isn’t like we need to make something super good. I wouldn’t mind going with this.
Like the Chief said, it doesn’t need to be good. I just care about turning something in, so I’m fine with it.
I’ll... do it over.
I hug the game doc paper to my chest with my shame.
It’s... not efficient to make something no one’s motivated to.
Really, after them hanging my work out to dry... I just can’t look at it.
I’m sure my face is beet red about now.
No need to look so down, kid. This kind of stuff can’t be easy. And hey, I’ll always lend you an ear.
It’s a hopeless cause, but you might be able to find something good in this story if you dig a little deeper. Good luck. Just get it in on time.
(END)
Haaaa...
......
I’m back in the library like I am every day, sighing away.
It’s... over for me.
Uh...
The god of art doesn’t give a damn about me...
Ur...
I’m just a big fish in a small pond...
......
Haaaa...
K-Keep it d...
What a din...
Chisato murmurs to herself after putting my design doc back down.
How was it?
S-Shit.
......!
She said it. It’s shit.
Well... back to the drawing board.
I know I need to get the team something better than this.
But there’s no way in hell I can forge a manuscript that surpasses my opus.
Is it really that bad?
I-I... didn’t like it. M-Much.
Getting depressed isn’t very efficient.
That’s why I don’t do it that much. Today is the exception.
I... I see.
After all, I’ve never had people judge something I’ve made right to my face.
This is the first time I’ve ever felt this emotion.
It feels like a thousand knives have been pushed against my chest.
It’s a hopeless, sad feeling like my organs are falling down into god-knows-where.
I... I thought it was a good doc.
I think my heart might break a little.
T-This is kind of... f-foundational, but...
I-I don’t smell, do I...?
I... d-don’t think there’s any reason to make this... porn.
No?
I-Is there any... any meaning t-to the perverts having s-special powers?
I-It could just be... n-normal. H-He could just be a... a bullied kid.
But that’s what’s important.
I’m talking before I know it.
I think all the characters have to be perverts.
Why do I think that?
......
I get my answer near-immediately.
Them being
If it’s not a world where our existence is normal, there’s no point to it.
There’s no reason to do this if it’s not a world I desire.
That’s why there’s meaning in us doing this.
Otherwise, what meaning is there in us making this game?
U-Us...?
We’re making this together, so it has to have meaning for all of us.
If this is by sickos, it needs to be about sickos.
We who have been judged guilty by the world. We, who no one has ever understood.
At least, that’s what I think.
That’s what I feel makes this meaningful.
That’s the significance of the incarcerated of Tulip Prison telling this story.
Still, I... guess I can’t be too stuck on it.
......
There’s a deadline to consider.
I can refine and debate the manuscript until the cows come home, but something needs to go in.
The situation may call for thinking this over from scratch.
T-Then...
H-How about m-making it s-so... s-some are around from the start. P-People with powers...
Around?
Chisato takes the pencil from my hand and puts it to paper.
I-If you want to tell that s-story, then make it so t-there’s... a lot from the start. T-There’s a lot of sicko types, right? L-Like me, like you.
True... the other two did say it was kind of confused, too.
G-Getting his power is just too sudden, so... about ten years ago, that lewd comet Halley’s Cumbucket hit near K-Kobe, right? W-We can use that.
S-So, let’s say it worked through underground veins of the area... l-like cock veins, I guess?
With every idea Chisato shoots out.
A-And when that vein energy resonates with a weird fetish, the sicko with the fetish gains a superpower... Or something?
The project feels a little bit more real.
S-So it’d be a special town w-with all the powers... That might make it s-seem less weird.
I start to see an outline take shape.
But what about how the protagonist unlocks other people’s dark libidos to make an army of fetishists and fight against the big bads?
I-It might be easier to empathize with him if he just... makes friends with them? Like, fight, talk... then pal up.
Empathize...?
Come to think of it, I’ve hardly empathized with others in my life.
Empathize. Empathy.
It has a nice ring to it.
L-Let’s make the enemies PESP users too. T-There’s good guys and bad guys, so... w-we won’t need to make them fight any weird organizations.
L-Like, the powers are really... p-powerful. If you can shoot wind or stop time, l-like... people who want to do it for bad stuff like crime and murder will pop up.
So, we’ll basically make it like normal life, but more.
The story fills out more and more.
T-That would make it more flashy. L-Like, there could be explosions and stuff.
True. No one would bat an eye at an explosion or two.
So many ideas I had not dreamed of fit themselves into the story.
Would the protagonist fight bad guys, though? He hates the world.
The paper in my hand balloons up with content.
W-What kind of guy is the protag?
......
It’s such a strange bout of communication.
The protagonist is... a really lonely person.
I’ve never had a conversation like this before.
He doesn’t have a place to belong in town... no, in the world. He doesn’t trust anyone, so he’s in a lot of pain. He thinks he’s all alone.
That’s why even though he’s a little rough around the edges, he’s a good guy at heart.
It’s like she’s gently bringing out ideas I didn’t even know I had.
The only person he really loves is his sis... no, his mother.
It almost feels like I’m speaking with myself.
W-What’s the thing he wants to do, the most?
Make his own world.
No. No, that’s not it.
Protect the place... where he can be himself.
Protecting where you belong.
That, I think, is more important than anything else.
S-So maybe... he wants to protect the peace of the town? F-For his mom?
......
It’s almost too perfect a suggestion.
All of the fuzzy parts of my outline, all of the boring, unclear parts...
...she bulks them up with compelling building blocks of detail and function, shaping the whole into an actual story.
This kind of power... It’s not normal.
What was your Artistry score?
......?
Looks like she didn’t take the aptitude test.
But she could be a 9.5.
Hell, no, even a 9.7.
If you’ve done this much workshopping.
I speak with both hands on her shoulders.
I want you to see it through to the end.
Gh...
With the ideas you’ve got, I know you can write this.
She awkwardly looks away as a half-smirk, half-smile comes over her face.
You said the protagonist getting friends would make it easier to empathize, right?
Well, I empathized with you.
I feel the connection. Chisato has to be the one to write the story.
I’m sure of it.
Nn... A-All... all right. I’ll... d-do it.
After a while, she gives me a small nod.
Really?!
N-Not that I... want to...
You’ll do it?! You really will?!
T-This guy’ll probably... strip if I don’t...
Hell yeah!
I thrust my fists into the sky.
Excuse me?! Are you not aware that thrusting both fists into the air is strictly prohibited because of its resemblance to the act of double-fist fucking? Have you not read the code of conduct?!
I quickly withdraw my fists and grab the design document instead.
I’ll show this to the others and tell them the news! We’ll talk details tomorrow!
Uh, s-su...
See you tomorrow!
......
Wh...
W-What a... weird guy...
Heyyyy, this is looking pretty good!
Their eyes go wide with surprise as they read the new design doc.
Really?
It’s like... making it so the sicko powers were always subtly there, and giving the other characters particular fetishes sort of makes it all come together.
Putting in this ‘Heroine One’ makes it seem more dating simmy, too. The structure’s become a lot clearer.
She’s the daughter of the protagonist’s sensei, the one who taught him how to use his powers. I’m thinking of having the sensei die, too.
Yeah? You know, this isn’t half bad.
......!
I do the double-fist fuck again before immediately withdrawing my hands.
So the draft before really was a wash! Looking at this new one really makes that clear.
You know, I think we could do this. It’s just barely, barely good enough.
If they’re both on board.
We can start making this game. Like, right now.
So, kid, come up with a title yet?
Not yet.
I haven’t grasped the full game yet.
I’m thinking of giving it an appropriate name when it’s finished.
In that case, what’s our goal for now going to be?
I want us to just make the beginning. We don’t have time for the whole thing.
The common route, huh? Enough to fit into a demo? Yeah, that’s a super good goal.
It’s called a demo, huh?
A demo. Right, exactly.
We’ll make a demo... a demonstration of the game.
We have a goal.
Now we just need to work on it.
I look back down at the paper I’d been holding.
......
My first draft really got run through the wringer.
I thought the god of art had no love for me.
Yet, when I showed Chisato the draft, got her advice, and applied it, the consensus on my design document changed wildly.
This is... pretty interesting.
To think that my design doc could change like this.
Interesting, huh...
I got advice on something I blindly believed to be good. Near perfect, even.
Yet with the help of others, I brought shape to parts of it even I didn’t know how to express.
What a process.
Even though what happened was so simple.
It changed... this much.
The fact of what happened, well.
It moved me deeply.
Heheh.
I chuckle a bit to myself.
(END)
