My dick shakes his head each time my feet hit the ground.
If you’ve ever run naked, then you know the feeling.
The sounds of cock smacking thigh and feet smacking concrete fill the night.
Pounding like the beat of a pellet drum, that ritual rhythm is calling down a blizzard.
Haa, haa, haa...!
Suspect is dashing through block B-1. Move in immediately to apprehend the target.
He’s over here!
Ghk...!
I know this neighborhood down to the last crack in the asphalt.
I couldn’t tell you how many times I’ve dashed through it in the dark.
Even with my eyes closed, I could get away from these—
Heads up!
Gah!
My body slips on the rain-slick road, and a number of men pile onto me.
Shuichiro!
Guh! Urgh, shit...
Watch out, this guy’s packing heat!
Let go! Get your hands off me!
Cuff him and hold him down!
You little...!
Twelve past midnight, perp caught red-handed committing indecent exposure and assault.
(END)
Admit it, kid, you did it!
The gray desk shakes under the weight of his balled fists.
My interrogator has bushy brows, a barrel chest, a burly voice, and briars of hair on his hands.
Most people who do interrogations are like this.
At 11:11 PM, near Yahagizakura Academy, you exposed your genitals to a woman walking her dog!
Five minutes after that, you treated a salaryman on his way home to a viewing of your cock!
Then you turned tail into the streets, genitals exposed, shouting so that any passersby would look at you!
You even went as far as to strike the officer arresting you with some form of blunt weapon!
We have you on public indecency and resisting arrest, dead to rights! Got anything to say for yourself?!
......
Oh, right to silence? You think you’re smart, you little piece of shit?!
This kid’s got a record, so he probably thinks he knows a thing or two.
You’ve been arrested seven times for exhibitionism, five of which didn’t see you in court—but two of them did!
You’re a regular veteran, kid. A veteran sicko!
I want a lawyer.
Fuck your lawyer, you need a pair of pants!
......
I-It happened on Christmas night. I was just walking my dear little dog Penz, and this naked man popped up out of the shadows...
And he was not wearing clothes at the time?
No, he was naked from the start.
In other words, he did not slowly expose his lower half to you, is that right?
Y-Yes, that’s right.
Would you tell us what the defendant said to you?
He said... ‘that’s a cute dog, what’s his name?’
And how did you answer?
‘His name is Penz,’ I said.
And what was his response?
‘Penz? Well, this is my
And he pointed at his dick when he said that, yes?
He did.
And then?
H-He said... ‘he’s cute, isn’t he?’
Thank you, Miss Emiko. Your Honor, that concludes the victim’s testimony.
From her testimony, we can clearly see that not only was the defendant’s exhibition premeditated, but that he was gaining sexual gratification from the act.
The defendant was also able to hold a conversation with the victim, making a strong case that he was of sound mind during the act.
Does the defense have anything it would like to say?
W-Wait, kid, you can’t be serious!
Saying that is going to lose you this case faster than we can blink!
Listen, the sentence length they’re after here makes no sense! It’s making a mockery of the rule of law! The judicial system will come crashing down if we don’t shave off some years!
Do you follow me? Please, try to look at least a little sorry.
First of all, I wasn’t gaining pleasure from exposing myself.
And I most definitely was not doing it to fulfill any sexual desires.
This isn’t obscene exhibitionism. It’s self-expression.
Yeah, bullshit!
You’re just a sicko!
Order!
Heh. You gotta be shitting me, kid. You’re gonna represent yourself in court?
What kind of third-rate dipshit of a lawyer’d they foist on you?
He wasn’t a dipshit.
Come again?
He just couldn’t understand what I was saying. No one can.
Sorry to repeat myself, but you have the situation all wrong. I did not assault any police officers.
And my exhibition was not for pleasure. I was performing art in order to express myself.
Don’t try to act like you’re crazy to get a lighter sentence!
Don’t you feel bad for the woman you hurt?!
Crazy streaker!
Order!
Boohoohoo...! Boohoohoo...!
The Court is prepared to proceed to sentencing.
......
The Court finds the defendant guilty of both indecent exposure and resisting arrest...
Shu, no...!
...and sentences him to ten years.
Oh god, it’s over, it’s all over...!
The large man cuffed next to me, a good ten years my senior, is trembling.
I won’t do any more bad stuff, I promise... Mommy...!
It isn’t just him, either. Everyone on the boat looks pale, like a child in the middle of a maternal scolding.
The gunmetal gray vessel forges heedlessly ahead.
Seawater splashes up with its passage.
Forgive me... D-Don’t send me to the slammer, please... Mooom...!
I-I can’t believe they’d send me somewhere so awful! Me!
......
The boat slows down.
I look up, my cuffs still tight.
Here we are. Get off, sickos.
Our destination comes into full view.
Welcome to hell.
(END)
Once off the ship, they keep us in our cuffs and march us off to a building as big as a school gym.
There is no comforting wooden floor beneath us, though. Only cold, lifeless concrete.
What’re you actin’ so scared about? Now that I just don’t get.
The prisoner in the corner of the formation speaks up.
I’ve been in a lot of prisons in my day. The brutal Abashiri? I’ve been there. The roughest place around, Fuchuu? Yeah, I’ve been in there too. They weren’t shit.
See, we got these things called basic human rights that they gotta respect.
‘The prison from hell?’ Hah! This joint, Tulip or Lavender or whatever they call it? It ain’t going to be shit either.
No one answers him.
Welcome to the mouth of hell, you twisted souls. Welcome to Tulip Prison.
With the sound of boots on concrete announcing her arrival, a tall prison guard appears before the line we’ve formed.
My name is Sofiya Shikolenko, captain of the Treatment Division of the Department of Correctional Treatment and deputy warden of the Obscenity Ward.
It’s my job to put you filth through the wringer until you come out squeaky-clean. You will no longer lust to indulge your carnal proclivities, but to obey the rule of law and decency.
She is tall and seems to have foreign blood in her.
The large bags under her eyes give off an unhealthy, somewhat lethargic impression.
Be good little boys and girls, and we officers will take care of you.
Sex offenders are the dregs of criminality, and you would be tormented in any other facility by your fellow criminal scum.
But not in this prison. Here, you are all equally worthless. Every prisoner here is a disgusting sex offender, just like you.
Since you pieces of shit make up the entire prison population, it is our job to keep watch and make sure you don’t kill each other!
And how blessed you are! Thanks to Captain Sofiya’s watchful eye, you won’t be tormented like you would outside! Be grateful, scumsuckers!
Heh... More like Shlickorenko...
......
All right, who’s the wise guy?! Let’s hear it!
Was it you, pube-hair? ‘Exhibitiman’, was it?!
......
It was me, ma’am!
You, huh? What’s your angle?
Ah, see, I was just thinkin’ you had a bit of a horndog side like me from your name, you know?
If memory serves, you’ve stolen more than a good thousand swing seats that little girls sat on, correct?
Your nickname was... The Swinging Scrote, was it?
I wouldn’t mind seeing your shlicking game while you rubbed me off, personally!
Hnh!
Urgh?!
She kicks him in the balls with no warning.
Did that filth come from this testicle?
F-Filth my a—
If you insist!
The other guard delivers a kick directly to his anus.
What’re you crawling for? Feeling horny for Mother Earth all of a sudden?
H-How could you... just kick me like that...?!
My apologies. It’s your nickname, you see. Couldn’t help but think it was your balls talking.
You look shocked. Almost as if you didn’t expect to get your ass kicked.
Of course I didn’t! We may be prisoners, but we have still have human rights! Haven’t you ever heard of the Constitution?!
Sure, everyone has rights. Well, every human, anyway.
What?!
Japan has eight correctional precincts, each with penitentiaries to call its own.
Sapporo, Sendai, Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka, Hiroshima, Takamatsu, Fukuoka... I’m sure a few of you are familiar with their facilities.
But there exists a ninth correctional precinct that stands apart from them all, an exceptional place... and the one you’re in.
This is where S-classes determined to be beyond rehabilitation in the eight precincts are sent. A prison composed entirely of irredeemable sex criminals.
A normal facility couldn’t hope to rehabilitate any of you, not with your sick, repeated offenses! Society at large has judged you’ve got no way back!
Sounds to me like pieces of shit like you don’t deserve rights. Wouldn’t you agree?
We’re still human!
What human would steal a little girl’s swing?!
You! Piece! Of! Trash!
P-Prison or not... there’s no way you can get away with this!
In a normal facility, I suppose. But get this through your head now: this is no
This is a very special
That’s still the same thing!
Quiet! The captain is speaking!
Ghhhk!
......
This facility is completely cut off from the outside world, and extrajudicial measures on its irredeemable prisoners are allowed within its halls.
In essence, you have no rights.
I don’t know what kind of facilities you’ve been in before, but forget everything you think you know. Embrace your first time.
L-Like virgin p—
I said shut the fuck up!
The tip of her boot digs deep into his belly.
You know why you bottomfeeders are called S-class here? It’s not just because you’re sex offenders.
Ghk...
It’s because you’re fucking sickos. That’s what the S is for.
Why have you lost your rights? Because you’re sickos. Freaks. You gave up any claim you have to humanity long ago.
Since a normal facility just isn’t enough for a pack of raving sick puppies like yourselves, society needs a bigger, stronger cage to lock you up in!
And that cage is this facility. The prison.
You’ve... you’ve gotta be kidding me...!
Aww, feeling the tears coming on? Well, hold ’em back.
Don’t think you can be human anymore! In here, you can’t do jack without permission! Not laugh, not cry, not rub one out, not steal a thousand goddamn swing seats little girls have sat on!
I’ll... I’ll sue you! You’re just civil servants! You can’t do this to us!
Oh? An interesting challenge. How are you going to do that, then?
I’ll talk to a lawyer! I’ll write a letter to my friends on the outside and they’ll go to the media! Oh, I bet the public would love to hear about prison guards breaking the law!
We keep an eye on you 24 hours a day. It doesn’t matter if you’re in your cell, at work, or on the toilet, we’re watching you. Don’t think you have any privacy.
There’s visitations, sure, but that might be a touch hard for you.
Why?!
Who can say? I have a feeling that on the days your friend wants to visit, the ferry just might suffer a malfunction or two.
And if you try to write some kind of whistleblowy letter, well, the envelope might just happen to slip open, and we might see what you wrote in there.
And there might just be a slip-up where it ends up in the trash, with no one paying it a second thought. Do you understand?
Ghk!
T-Then... When I get out of here! You can’t do a damn thing when I’m out! Hah, look forward to it!
I see. My, that is a problem.
Indeed, we won’t be able to do a thing, but... there might not be a problem to do anything about by then.
Right you are. It’s the strangest thing. When people make trouble for us, well... somehow, our problems always seem to disappear.
......!
Now, I’m not terribly privy to the details, but...
...I hear it’s awfully hard to identify the bodies that wash up.
Despair decorates the prisoner’s face.
All of our faces, in fact.
......
We aren’t here to give you a vacation.
If you want to survive in this hell, do as you’re told. You
We are not asking.
If that’s all gotten through your skulls, then follow me! Stay in formation!
Simply
Tulip Prison allows inmates to grow their hair out. Do as you will.
With the exception of naturally frizzy hair! We’ve had a sicko who got real horny staring at his hair and imagining they were pubes—never again!
One more thing. Guards have the authority to... suggest haircuts. Understood?
You! With the pubes hair!
I strongly, emphatically recommend shearing it off. You’ll appreciate the breeze! It might soften up that thick skull of yours!
(END)
......
What are you stroking your head for?! Oh, don’t tell me—the pubes are gone, leaving one big testicle for you to grope? Disgusting. Sickos, I tell you, all hopeless!
All right, everyone who’s been sheared, get over here! Men here, women there! Neither, over there! Hurry!
We’re lined up in single file, divided by gender.
Time for your cavity search. Strip down and put your clothes at your feet, all of you.
The prisoners exchange awkward, probing looks.
It looks like they’re not used to stripping themselves.
Did you not hear the captain?!
The shout gets the prisoners stripping. Quickly.
E-Er... Do we have to... take off our underwear, too?
Did your mommy teach you that underwear doesn’t count as clothes?
N-No, it’s just...
Ah, you’re that sicko that stole over a thousand pairs of undies... I see, you think briefs and panties are food, is that it?!
Listen up, maggot. Boxers are clothes in these halls, and you’re taking yours off right now!
The men stick to the wall, fully exposed and unmoving.
The guards pull out rubber gloves, snap them on, and get to work.
Good. Now, legs shoulder length apart and asses out. Right, like a back-alley slut, good.
Aahnn?!
Rectal smuggling is a common method of moving contraband, so we’re making sure. Keep your hips out.
The visuals of the search are a bit silly to behold.
I see beside me a line of men, large men, all with their mouths open and butts in the air.
Looks like no one’s been having anal sex in this batch.
The guards shine flashlights into their anal cavities, looking as deep in as they can.
I don’t even want to think about the guy who came every time I shone the flashlight up his ass...
As the subjects of such a show, it would be no surprise for some to feel pathetic. For some to feel deep embarrassment.
Guh... Ahh, s-stop, n-not there...!
I told you to hold still, not shake your ass!
Worse, even the slightest movement gets you an iron fist in the back.
If this is their first rodeo, I could see their anuses and cocks shrinking up.
Well, aren’t you a regular veteran.
......
For one used to exposing himself, however, there is no need to fear.
Hmph. If you’ve been checked, head for the exit in order. Swiftly.
I head through the exit, being taken to a room with lines of showers like we had near the pool back in grade school.
Before getting to the showers, though, we’re sprayed all over with a disinfectant powder.
Some of it gets into my eyes, and I can feel it sting throughout my whole body.
Don’t get too excited over getting some mystery white powder blasted all over your naked bodies, sickos! Hurry to the showers!
I don’t need to be told to wash off the powder with the showerhead’s geyser before drying off my face.
When you’re cleaned up, pick up the uniform with your number on it! No lollygagging!
And don’t even imagine gagging on a lollipop like you’re deepthroating it just because I said lollygagging! I
I hope you like your onesie because it’s all you’ll wear for the rest of your life here. Meals, sleeping, working—you’ll be in it.
What I’ve been made to wear feels less like clothes and more like a body suit.
It’s as skintight as can be and does little to obstruct mobility.
My prisoner number is sewn on the chest in big, bold numbers.
I have to admit, it’s a lot better than the loose, blue and white striped getup I had expected.
It doesn’t look like it was designed with boy parts in mind, though, and my crotch feels a touch tight.
I bet you’re about to climax just from wearing something so similar to a latex suit, aren’t you? I swear, you sickos are such open b—
YOU SON OF A BITCH!
What the FUCK do you think you were doing? Come on, out with it!
I-I was just adjusting my crotch a b-bit...
Sounds to me like you were choking the chicken while leering at the two of us! Sick! Unforgivably sick!
N-No, it’s just... this suit. It’s really tight around the crotch...!
Self-gratification within the facility is strictly forbidden—crotch rubbing is a serious breach of the code of conduct!
If you look like you’re doing anything the least bit sick or perverse, we guards are well within our rights to dole out punishment.
I... can’t... brea—
Just try doing something sexual again, I dare you. I will lever-catapult your hand off your wrist so far you won’t even be able to think of masturbating again!
Y-Yes’m...!
The guard finally lets him go and stands back up.
Captain Shikolenko seems unmoved, looking at us with disgust in her eyes.
I trust this modest demonstration shows you that you’re in no average prison.
This isn’t a normal facility.
It’s a very, 
You can’t even adjust your cock a centimeter or two on your own here.
I figured I would have to beat the filth out of you, right from the core. Follow me.
We follow her out to a wide field, like the exercise yard of a school.
The ground hasn’t been treated at all. Weeds poke out from what look like the dusty remnants of finely crushed boulders.
The prisoners from the other room have joined us, forming another line.
You’ll be moving mostly in formation from here on out!
It doesn’t matter if you’re going to the mess hall, to work, or to piss, you’re going to be following the teacher’s marching orders like a grade school kid!
Now, then. Sicko Squad, advance!
We advance as told.
It feels like sports day at a grade school, but we’re all adults here.
Captain Shikolenko!
Can’t feel a shred of motivation from any of you. Again.
Back to your positions, everyone! Once again! Sicko Squad, advance!
We’re moved back to the starting point and advance again.
You, over there! Your legs are mismatched! Again!
You call that an arm swing? Pathetic. Again!
Do you even plan on finishing this?! Again!
Leg raises could use work. Again, from the top.
They stop us at the slightest hint of formational flaw, and we’re sent to the start again and again.
Some of the complaints are nothing more than nitpicks. “Your eyes were crooked,” “your breathing was off,” etc.
You’re grievously lacking in self-awareness of just how sick all of you are. That’s why you can’t even handle marching in a straight line. Again.
Having to focus so much on walking just a few hundred meters is starting to take its toll.
After almost twenty marches, we are finally allowed to line up in the middle of the yard.
We’ll move now to the facility’s trademark exercise, the arm-raise squat.
Fold your chest a touch and slowly crouch down, making sure not to bend forward. Then, raising both arms up high...
One-two!
......
One-two! One-two! One-two!
What are you just standing there for, sickos?!
Are you going to let the captain do these ridiculous exercises alone? Or do you need to be shown step by step in extreme detail?
Well, how about I show you the extreme detail of your dick when I slice it off?!
Eeep!
One-two! One-two! One-two!
I can’t hear you!
This exercise is a full-body one. Essentially a squat, you leap up a bit when you’ve risen fully.
It looks a little cute, but it’s really demanding on the stamina.
Ghhk, one-two... Haa, one... two...!
It gets harder and harder to keep up.
Aaghh...! I’m a pro at dislodging swings, but exercise... Agh!
A few drop on their butts after twenty times.
Guh, goddamn it... I just liked touching schoolgirls’ butts with the back of my hand on my way to work! I only did it 190,000 times. I don’t deserve this...!
After thirty repetitions, even the more fit men start to break.
Haa...! Haa... Haa...!
I manage to keep my footing, but only barely. My lower body quivers like jelly.
My knees aren’t bending anymore.
You there! Who said you could stop? There are no breaks allowed, so get yourselves up and get back to the grind!
And I don’t mean getting yourselves up down there, you sickos! And not that kind of grind either! Good god, is there nothing you vile perverts won’t take the wrong way?!
Haa, haa...
Look at you, twisting my words and breathing heavily for your sick gratification! You all make me sick! Now hurry up, get on with it! One-two!
One-two! One...two! One-two!
We keep it up until everyone can do a solid 50.
It doesn’t matter if we collapse in exhaustion or cry in pain. The guards do not care.
Gghhk... ggrrrkkk?!
Ahhh!
That’s all it took? Put something in his mouth. Make sure he doesn’t bite his tongue.
Get something in his mouth! And don’t get any funny ideas—I mean a towel or something!
I can hardly feel my lower half by the time we’re done.
Everyone plops down on the cold ground, laboring through their breath under the night sky.
I take it you’ve got the hang of the arm-raise squat, then.
All right, marching order again from the top! If anyone’s an inch out of formation, we start over!
The sky begins to whiten by the time our march is finally done.
We all arrived at the prison in the dead of night, and this is how we meet our first morning.
Haa, haa, ahh...
We’re all too thirsty to groan.
This is as basic as it gets, buttercups! Now, in formation, just as you were taught!
Or do you need to do all that practice over from the top? Sicko Squad, advance!
(END)
We’re made to march to what appears to be a cafeteria.
It almost smells like a school cafeteria.
There are already more experienced prisoners in the hall, in their seats with proper posture as they wait.
It looks like rather than having your food distributed, you go to the counter tray in hand to receive your meal, then sit at an empty seat.
The clock in the room points to seven, on the dot.
Commence dining!
A sea of thankful voices follows.
Breakfast is simple. White rice, miso soup with bok choy, a slice of a rolled omelet, and dried furikake sprinklings.
The portions are not terribly large, but given my exhaustion on top of sleep deprivation, it goes in hard.
Breakfast is over! Form ranks and head to your workstations!
At the captain’s shout, the prisoners bring their dishes to the washing area and line up.
The clock’s hands indicate 7:30.
The Obscenity Ward newbies are... Hey! You!
Eep!
How long are you planning on eating?! Oh, don’t tell me you enjoy slurping on that vegetable like a dick just because the name sounds kind of lewd. Cock choy? What will you sickos think of next?!
Er, no, I’m just... n-not finished yet.
No talking back, cunt choy! You eat what you’ve been told to in the time you’ve been given—those are the rules!
Everyone at this table shares responsibility! Drop and give me one hundred! Sicko Squad, begin!
We begin doing pushups.
The fatigue from the marching practice is still in me, however, and I can’t move too well.
Ghnk...
It feels like my breakfast is going to come back out through the hole it went in.
Those who can’t act as a group in here end up hated. Don’t forget that.
Before going to work, you’ll have to pass through inspection.
Take one of the jackets hanging on the rack. It’ll have your number on it.
You are obligated to wear it while tending to your labor. You don’t get a spare, so take care of it.
Judging from how the day has gone so far, I figure messing this jacket up means dire punishment.
Squabbles are common in closed-off environments like this one, but hear me: No fighting in the facility! No arguing, no punching, no kicking, no fucking, no sucking! Got that?!
Oh, and don’t even think about scratching that nut-looking head of yours. That’ll count as a simulated ball-groping offense, so drill that into your skull! What’s your prisoner number?!
0720. Ah, digging deep, I see. Making that last zero a one makes it spell out the Japanese word for masturbation, hence that look on your face...
......
Close, sicko. I guess you get to be in C-Class.
C as in don’t fuck with us, cunt!
......
You’re holding up the line. Get checked and get out.
A guard is standing near the exit.
The male inmate in front of him has his legs spread out, arms up top, and his mouth wide open.
Ah, ahh!
We call this one the can-can. See that ridiculous face he’s making? Make sure you can pull it off.
This is the paper room, where you’ll be working. Find an empty workstation and get to it. No stalling! Dash, go!
I sit down on a chair set up by a nearby workstation as instructed.
Qruppo! Qruppo!
The cuckoo clock cries as it hits eight o’clock.
Time for work. Begin!
The prisoners who were here before us immediately get to work.
We newcomers, however, have no idea what to do.
Excuse me, what should we—
YOU SON OF A BITCH!
The moment the man gets up, the guard dashes over and slams him in the gut with her fist.
Who the FUCK said you could stand up? Because it wasn’t me!
I-I just wanted to ask how to work this pulp...
How to work your pump?! Is that what you freaks are calling your cocks nowadays?!
I’ll just be nice and assume you meant to say pulp, but I know that you sickos will jump at the slightest chance to be dirty!
Now listen up and listen good: If you have any questions while on the job or need to stand up, you raise your right hand and say ‘excuse me!’
Don’t move a single inch until the officer present points at you and gives permission, you hear me? Not a single inch!
Y-Yes, ma’am!
How could he do that without being told first? How could anyone?
No one dares say that, however. We all know what would happen.
At eleven o’clock, we’re given about an hour of rest.
Since you have to take your jacket off at inspection and get to the yard, though, it’s really forty-five minutes.
I get there to see the more experienced prisoners exercising, sitting down and chatting, playing ball, and other activities.
......
We newbies, of course, have nothing to do.
I feel the slight chill of isolation in the large yard.
Back to work! And don’t get all lazy just because you’re fresh back from lunch! No goofing off, and no jerking off either!
Urh... urgh...
Swing Man sitting at the workstation next to me is squirming, his hips quivering.
Looks like he needs to go.
E-Excuse me!
......
But Captain Shikolenko just walks on by, giving no response.
E-Excuuuse me!
He calls, louder this time.
Once again, it falls on deaf ears.
Excuse me! Excuse me! Oh, god, excuse me!
......
His voice begins to break, and I can hear tears coming on.
Yet they still ignore him.
Excuse me! Ex...c-cuse me! Ex-Excu...se...!
I hear a wet pouring.
Ah... ahhh...
The warm liquid even reaches my feet.
You scum! Are you so degenerate that you would indulge in your piss play on the job?!
Y-You don’t understand, I—
What am I not understanding? If you want to go to the bathroom, you say ‘Excuse me’ and get permission. Since you pissed all over the floor instead, I can only assume you did it on purpose!
What?! But I—
Enough chatter, piss-lover! This is a clear violation of the code of conduct concerning workplace safety and hygiene. Look forward to your score going up, freak!
You! 0720! You were next to him. Why didn’t you tell him what to do? Clean up this mess as punishment!
She tells me where the mop is, and I get to mopping up the urine.
Snff... snff...
As punishment, the man is made to stand next to his wet desk.
The other newbies who saw the scene stare down at their own desks, their faces tense.
Heh.
I get it.
They made an example out of him.
They wanted to show us that they had every one of our rights in their clutches, even the right to take a piss.
Work ends at exactly six o’clock in the evening.
I take off my jacket, get inspected again, and leave the inspection room.
It looks like we have free time until dinner at seven.
A good hour to walk around the facility in relative freedom.
Or at least, I thought.
You’re the man who pissed his pants, aren’t you? Why were you trying to hide behind that tree? Wanted to feel what it’s like to shit in the woods, did you?
N-No, I just thought passing by here would be faster, that’s a—
Fool! Prisoners are not allowed to take even a step off of this paved path! That’s Incarceration 101! Did you honestly not know that?!
No one told me!
You think you can break all the rules you want just because no one told you? This isn’t a kindergarten! It isn’t an old folks’ home! It isn’t a card shop!
He’s right, though. They hardly tell us anything here.
Heheheh...
Haha...
The more experienced prisoners don’t help us out, either.
They just keep watch from afar, chuckling at our misfortune.
Hey, Piss Swinger, what’s your prisoner number?
I-It’s 0714.
Then I forbid 0713 and 0715 from dinner, as well. Take your seat without dishing up.
What?! But that’s tyranny!
Yeah! You didn’t even tell him!
Silence, all of you. We’re not your moms. Don’t make me repeat that.
Who needs to be told the rules and the proper place to relieve one’s self? Did your mom not teach you any of that? Well, Piss Swing? Did she?
Ghhkk...
If you’re going to blame anyone, look no further than the man so depraved he seeks gratification in urination and defecation, this piss—
I’m... I’m not into piss...
Oh?
I’m into swiiiiiiiiings!
Nn...!
It happens in the blink of an eye.
Agh... Guh...
The pants-wetter staggers forward two steps before collapsing.
He looks like he fell unconscious.
I couldn’t move a step from my position further away, and neither could the closer prisoners.
In Captain Shikolenko’s right hand is an older-looking shotgun.
I’ve heard rumors about those. Riot shotguns, non-lethal weapons used to put down, well, riots.
We’re armed, as you can see. Keep your reckless outbursts to a minimum.
Seven o’clock comes around, and dinner begins.
Like breakfast, the prisoners all gather in the cafeteria to eat.
......
And like breakfast, even though the barley rice should be delicious, I have a hard time getting it down my throat.
It feels like something is stuck in the back of my mouth and refuses to go away.
Some amount of conversation seems to be allowed during meals, so I hear surprisingly cheerful chatter here and there.
Heh, look at the poor newbies, pale as all hell. I pity ’em, really, I do...
The new entries have no one to talk to, of course, and everyone looks too tired to speak a word.
Well, time to get to it for the day...
I want to lie down. As soon as I can.
Eight o’clock comes around. We’re made to line up and walk somewhere.
This time, everyone finished dinner on time.
......
I don’t need to hear the others talk to tell what they’re feeling right now.
We all think the same thing: where are they taking us this time?
Most of us, I assume, are newcomers to the powerlessness of someone else having full reign over our lives.
We’re taking you to the Obscenity Ward you’ll be living in.
We go down dim stairway after dim stairway.
If you think you’ve already had a taste of hell, that wasn’t even the appetizer.
Each step feels like it takes us deeper into the pit.
We end up in a gray space that smells of rot.
Rows of cells stretch out before me, with four floors and an open middle between them.
This does not feel like a place where humans live or thrive.
It is dark, dank, damp, and depressing.
If hell has a nadir...
It probably looks a lot like this.
What did you think of your first day?
None of us tries to answer.
One wrong word and there’s no telling what they’ll do.
Captain Shikolenko nods, looking satisfied.
Good... Officer Yamagishi.
She goes down the line, handing each prisoner a book.
Those are your rehabilitation journals. Make sure you write in them every day as you reflect on your misdeeds. Now, face your cells.
We head to our cells in the same order we’re lined up in.
We stop before the grates, facing the wall and standing still.
Line one south, all clear!
Line two north, all clear!
Line three east, all clear!
After the guards finish checking all of the prisoners, they order us to enter our cells.
When we’re in, the gates automatically lock themselves.
......
This cell is where I’m going to spend a good chunk of my life from now on.
It’s a tiny space with little else than a damp bed and an exposed toilet.
My home for the next ten years.
Speak a word out of line past this hour and you’re going straight to solitary, so sleep like babies until sunrise! Lights-out, now!
The lights go out, leaving only the dimmest of illumination in my cell.
I get into bed as I’m told.
The sheets are cleaner than expected, and I don’t feel the tightness of my uniform.
......
I’m exhausted as can be, but sleep eludes me.
The other new entries have to be in the same spot.
I stare at the bars.
The sight of them makes me truly realize, for the first time, that I am in prison.
It feels like the bars are telling me that I am guilty. That I am alone.
Heh... heheh...
I hear a voice.
Mmf... nmll... nmff...
The alluring sound of wet lips.
W-What the hell is that? What are those voices?!
A lewd voice with no place in this prison.
Horticulture... penicillin... Woodcock... Kissinger... welcome...
Other voices join in.
Shlliiick, shlick, shlliiick, shlick, shliiick, shliiick, shliiick...
Penalize... cocker spaniel... master pay... country... holy...
Urgh, guhh...!
They’re just saying “shlick.” They’re just saying random words.
Mmf, mmll, mff... mmm...
Shlick, shlick, shliiick, shliiick, shlick, shlick, shliiick...
Dickinson... magna cum laude... pussycat... cockatiel... blue-footed booby...
Ahh, ahh, ahhhh!
It’s all barely within the rules. On the very borderline.
Mommy! I wanna fap! I wanna blow my load!
Gyahaha!
Hey, some dumbass actually fell for it!
What’s all this noise? Did I not order you to sleep and sleep quietly?!
I was just murmuring words in my sleep.
How about you get that checked out? Ah... you’re the one who was bawling!
Please, I beg you, let me cum!
Are you insane?! Do I look like a swing to you?!
I would cum five times a day before they threw me in here! I can’t sleep unless mommy jerks me off!
Silence, filthy S-class! Are you honestly demanding I give you the old swing-’n-rub?!
Every normal, healthy human being rubs one off against the smooth wood of a swing set while the next one over squeaks up and down, back and forth before bed! How else could anyone sleep?!
You calm the hell down or I’m splitting your balls open!
I’m so horny. I’m losing my mind! Please, I’m begging you, let me bust it out! Oh, god, swing, my little swiiiing!
Pull it together! You’ve lost your mind—don’t tell me swings were your whole world on the outside!
Whoever’s on duty, drag this man to the infirmary!
Ahahaha!
As for the rest of you, one more peep and I swear to god I will cut off all your genitals, hang them out to dry, and make the most grotesque jerky you have ever fucking seen!
The laughter dies down.
But the quiet giggles go on.
......
I stare at it all through the bars of my cell.
And I remember that this is prison.
A jungle. A place where even the slightly stronger torment the slightly weaker.
This truly is hell.
But a hell you have to survive in, Shuichiro.
You’re right about that.
I whisper back to him as I slowly close my eyes.
I hope I don’t have any nightmares tonight.
(END)
