I head for the library during evening break.
It’s the perfect place to think of my plan going forward.
The prison rulebook Mr. Kugitani was talking about has a thick home edition, cloaked in a leather cover.
I find it in a bookshelf and reach over for it.
Whoops!
Someone pushes me from the side and I tumble to the ground.
Oh, goodness me, if it isn’t the infamous Assblaster Bulgebusticus! What a coincidence, running into you here!
Oh, whoa there, don’t get too excited and start mining for gold in my rear, all right? I’ve come with an escort, so you can put your dick away.
Crappymori is standing behind Eroducer.
I-I’ve joined the team a-as the new writer, and... I-I’ve been looking for this book t-to use as a reference, you see...
Aww, you were about to borrow it? That’s a shame, that’s
Two weeks?
I don’t even know when the hearing will be held.
I bet you really want this, Bulgebusticus, don’t you? Hmm? Hmmmm?
I mean, you just might be able to find a rule that shows you’re in the right in this forest of pages! Oh, you must want it so bad you’d plow or get plowed for it!
......
Then get on your knees. Get on your knees, forehead on the ground, and beg for it.
I immediately get on my knees, forehead on the ground.
Please lend me that book.
Aha, ahaha! H-He actually did it?! He actually, seriously, really just did it!
Don’t you have any pride, dumbass?!
He steps on my head with his heel.
If there’s one thing a man should never do, it’s get on his damn knees! You know what that means, loser? You’re broadcasting your defeat!
Aha, this... this is great! I feel so kind of bad for him, but... stomping on a younger guy like he’s a cockroach just makes me feel so aliiiive!
Good luck, dumbass! Not that I think you’ll find anything in there... Ahahaha! Heh, heh, heh, hee, hee, he-HEEE!
He throws the book at my head and the two leave.
I’m sure they’re going to the computer room.
The place I’m barred from.
......
Chisato had been watching from the shadows.
Sounds like she crept out from the back after hearing the commotion.
Oh...
She quickly slips over and tries to help me up.
Nnn... nnnn!
She’s not nearly strong enough, though, so I stand myself up.
Perfect timing, though.
Come with me. There’s something I want to talk about.
The two of us head to the usual blind spot.
D-Dogeza.
Yeah.
M-My first time seeing it.
My first time doing it too.
I-Isn’t being on your knees... l-like, humiliating?
Not exactly.
Dropping to my knees and begging is a small price to pay for this book.
After looking genuinely surprised, Chisato lowers her gaze.
T-That much?
Yeah.
Y-You want to make the game... that much?
I sure do.
Even I didn’t fully understand why.
But I simply wanted to.
And I wouldn’t let anyone get in my way.
I-Is that why you can... take it?
Yeah.
Y-You’re... always calm. Cool, but... k-kinda weird.
Not as much as you.
Huh?
I-I’m more... normal, though...
Since getting thrown into prison, I’ve been in two big fights.
I-I really am...
And I’ve made it through both fine.
I’ve been mostly alone in the big battles I’ve faced.
I never needed to worry that much.
......
But now, I have Team 69 to worry about.
So there’s no way I can let myself lose in the hearing.
Oh... I-I see.
A man who happened to be passing by is trying to steal our game.
Thinking of someone interfering like that truly irks me.
I want to send him packing. I want to make him disappear.
Right now, I’m very... mad.
......?
Very... mad.
B-But... what he was saying about me, i-it... it made sense.
She looks further down and is gloomier than usual as she murmurs.
M-My story really is... dark...
Yeah.
Like, r-really, really... dark.
He did say that.
Then l-later, he came here and... s-said it again.
He showed up here?
H-He happened to be here, and said that... i-if I fixed the gloomy parts, he’d let me back in.
What did you say?
I-I said I couldn’t do it... s-so he told me I should quit writing. T-That I have no... no talent.
Did he?
I’ve been told... my writing feels like ‘doomsday.’
That’s awful.
That was from you.
......
I-I’m... vexed too.
......!
I hadn’t picked up that Chisato was that angry.
Big sorry, bro.
......?
......?
Looks like I was wrong.
A-Anyway, what I wrote was... was just that gloomy.
Yeah.
A-And, well, we don’t need something dark for this project. W-We need something d-different.
That may be the case.
S-Something erotic.
......
But if I write that, it’ll just... get dark again.
It will?
Veritably.
Hard words always pop up when I’m talking with Chisato.
......?
I think I should borrow a dictionary.
I’ve borrowed one before, so I manage to find it on my own.
However.
I don’t think that what you write is all doom and gloom.
There’s something in her words that really calls to the heart.
It’s something I’ve felt ever since I happened to pick up that newspaper.
And I want to prove that.
Ah... nn...
Y-You’d... p-pu...t... y-your... f-fa...i...th... on... a...
What was that?
...o-on... a...
Ona?
I flip through the dictionary to check.
Ona... Ona... Onanism? It means masturbation.
What we’re doing isn’t masturbation.
......
......
......?
Communication with her is very difficult.
I have to win.
He insulted not just me, but Chisato.
This means I have to crush him into the ground.
I want you to help me.
......
I know this will mean I’m asking for your help right after I asked you to focus on the project, but...
I do want your help, specifically.
I want him to see how blind he was. How real your talent is.
Will you come with me?
As... you’re... inclined...
As you’re inclined? That’s agreement.
Thank you.
I push the dictionary to the corner.
Outside of the rehabilitation program, they barely let you borrow paper and pencils.
I pull out the notebook and pencil I bought with some fuxx or fucks or whatever and prepare to organize my thoughts.
So, how are we solving this problem?
H-How about we kill him?
......
......
A possibility.
......!
However, our concept for 
A back alley backstab isn’t exactly what we’re after.
B-But we don’t have any... weapons, right?
I can get my hands on a knife.
Once I get it, I’ll challenge Eroducer to a duel.
A one-on-one fight to the death will end things quickly—it’s logical.
The problem is, he’s got that guard and that crapstain working security.
Even if we kill Eroducer, they’ll come swinging.
Which means we’ll have to kill them too. That’ll wrap things up.
Yeah. It’ll just be a contest of who dies first. Simple and easy.
Y-You’re scaring...
I should be able to win if I start practicing now.
P-Psychopath...
Once, I made a prostate massager from seawater and seashells.
A what...?
It’s a holy tool used to extend your anus and give you prostate pleasure.
Prostate...?
Looks like she isn’t too familiar with this anatomical name.
Anus...?
Or maybe it’s just the lower half in general.
Oh, this...? I-I think I hear it around here, s-sometimes...
Chisato brings over an anatomy book and points.
With some practice, it can get really pleasurable... I hear.
Expansion of... the anal sphincter... hmm...
There’s a rack next to the anatomy book with a variety of academic papers and journals arranged in a haphazard fashion.
I don’t know who’s into it, but the place certainly isn’t lacking in scholarly material.
Word has it that the guy really liked expanding his anus.
He made about a thousand popular idols pry it open, so it’s supposed to be unusually open now.
D-Do you... really wanna be like him?
You know, maybe not.
I open up the book on the prison’s rules that Eroducer threw at me.
I flip to the page about penal hearings.
Grievances are heard by eleven guards: ten jury and one judge.
The initial statements are given within the space of one day, and the sentence is rendered the following day. Judgment is swift.
During the oral statements, one may argue one’s case and call witnesses if necessary.
Just like Ozawa said.
So you can get witnesses to help argue your innocence, huh...?
......?
W-What? I didn’t even s-stutter for once, and he d-didn’t get it...?
If a correctional officer is absent on illness, another is to immediately take her place.
Absence on the part of an inmate results in immediate loss. Stepping out is allowed, but only for three minutes.
W-We’re at an overwhelming disadvantage here...
...and we’ve got to find some loophole to turn things around.
The guards could not have a worse impression of me.
I constantly cause problems, including the occasional violent fight.
Though I’m a model prisoner on paper now, that’s not enough to reverse my reputation.
They all definitely think that if there’s a problem, I’m the one who caused it.
Ah, hah...
......?
You know, this is kind of... l-like drawing up another plot.
She lets out a bit of an awkward, self-effacing smile.
Yeah, I can see that.
She made my poorly crafted design doc into a compelling story.
Even if this situation seems impossible, I have the feeling she can work her magic.
Oh, I... I have a question.
What’s up?
W-Why haven’t you been... p-punished?
Punished?
A-Anything sexual in here... g-gets punished really fast.
It looks like she’s talking about the rumors about me and Eroducer.
Rumors that I tried to rape him are the talk of the prison, but the hammer hasn’t come down on me.
I think it’s because... there’s no solid evidence.
I mean, it’s just a rumor he started himself to—
I pause. No, this seems odd.
Why would they need solid evidence?
Are the guards here not simply able to enact punishment on their judgment alone?
Are Eroducer and Crappymori’s testimonies not enough?
I think back.
Hanamaru and Ozawa getting caught in the act—it was the same thing.
That’s it. They can’t actually act without solid evidence.
Oh no?
If paperwork and due process only come into play when the guards can’t make a judgment on the spot...
If they really do need objective and reliable evidence.
If we could lower the credibility of his testimony...
Yes, if we could undermine the validity of his speech...
......!
Chisato grabs the paper from my hands.
She starts to write something as if possessed.
H-How about... how about this?
She hands it to me, and I look it over.
I cannot hide my surprise.
On the page are things I never thought of. Never imagined.
It fleshes out, convincingly, the goal I have in mind.
This plot... Yeah...
He might love things in his hole... but he’s not going to love this ace of ours in it.
The hearing is to be held in a week.
This is the first thing Sofurin says when she visits my cell the next morning.
That’s later than expected.
Indeed. The rumor of sexual violence has people on edge, so we elected to wait until things calmed down.
Do you believe the rumor too, ma’am?
Not to take your side, but... it doesn’t sound too right to me.
It doesn’t? Why not?
It’s simple. Numbers 0119 and 0858’s testimonies don’t line up.
Eroducer and Crappymori.
The time of the act is ambiguous, and you were seen elsewhere by witnesses in that timeframe. Most of the officers assume you’re guilty, but... I did point out the weaknesses in the testimony.
However, we’re dealing with officers from the Serious Offenses Ward. There’s a big difference in, well... clout.
Sounds like the guards have it tough too, power balance-wise.
Still, Sofurin’s touch of help likely kept me out of an immediate trip to solitary.
Thank you.
Ah, well, I’m just doing my duty... But, well, are you... all right?
Ma’am?
Well. Listen, you know. I could have followed up better, so, well... I do bear a... bit of the responsibility.
She looks like she’s really forcing herself to say what she does not want to.
I’m fine.
R-Really?
Thank you very much for helping me.
Well, we’re even now on the coal mine thing, all right?
With that, she heads off to the center of the ward.
I have a week until the penal hearing.
Really cutting it down to the wire, huh?
My preparations, however, won’t take that long.
I immediately get started.
Even with rumors that I raped Eroducer going around, my life hasn’t changed much.
Hey, Minato! You’re the talk of the joint lately! Heard about you from a co-warder at breakfast this morning!
Part of that is probably thanks to Mr. Bear, my mining team foreman.
Seems they’ve got the wrong idea about me.
Yeah, I bet! I’d know, you don’t smell like me at all!
We have people like him in this prison.
His rap sheet: He drugged up both his lover and his lover’s 
This has won him deep admiration as an advanced sicko.
If anyone talks shit to you, you come to me! Guards’ll never find the body down here, gahaha!
There are far more kind souls in Tulip Prison than I had expected.
Thanking him in my heart, I head over to an empty tunnel with my canteen in hand.
There’s something I need to get.
I leave the dim tunnel and continue down the path to see a girl standing there.
Exhibitiman.
She’s shorter than me with thin, pointed eyes.
That’s me.
He’s calling. I came. Look for.
Who?
Teacher.
That doesn’t ring a bell.
So I follow her to find out.
Mr. Kugitani.
The one who was calling was Mr. Kugitani.
Good job, Yomi. You can go back to the bar.
The girl nods, then goes back to hanging from the bar in the corner of the yard.
That’s the pull-up girl?
Yeah. I call her Yomi. Old word for anonymous or unknown.
She... doesn’t have a name?
She doesn’t have any identification. Her parents sold her off, she got taken for a ride by some bad guys, then got arrested for prostitution and sent here. Happens a lot.
Is she your girlfriend?
Girlfriend! Kids these days, I tell you. She’s young enough to be my granddaughter.
I don’t think age gaps matter for love.
I took care of her a bit years ago and she took a liking to me. Now she does the running when these old bones can’t.
I guess that’s why she’s always exercising.
......
Her facial features stand out and her Japanese is broken, so she might be from overseas.
Did you borrow something? A book on law? Prison rules?
I did before, but not this time.
What’s this? ‘Human Anatomy Even A Pedo Can Understand...?’ What’d you borrow this for?
It’s what I need now.
I sit down next to him and open the book.
‘Look at you, you perv, giving a girl this little a celiotomy and getting all hot and bothered at the sight of her upper rectum... Heheh, you’re sooo gross!’ Huh. Crazy world out there...
I don’t have much time.
So I’m glad I found this book.
The last time I went looking, I had to figure everything out myself.
Anyway, you find anything that’ll help you in court?
That’s what I’m looking for.
Just know that he’s already bought out six members of the jury.
He lights his cigarette with a match and takes a puff.
Six of the ten? Really?
This is just a squabble between inmates and overtime for the COs. They want something in it for them.
The guards he bought out aren’t particularly slack, either. They work just as hard as the others.
But that’s just what humans are like, huh?
He nods.
Some of them are in his pocket too. Not too many, but they’re helping him for money or clout.
I can think of at least one.
I should probably ask for information on her.
I was really surprised at how far he’s going over this little quarrel. It looks like he really wants to crush you no matter what it takes.
He’s a real pain of a man. Sucks up to those above him, torments those below him, and knows how to form a paid posse. Not the kind of guy you want to be on the wrong side of.
Mr. Kugitani, a cig.
A jury system means the decision will come to a majority vote.
With six people on his side, he’s essentially guaranteed victory.
Buyouts, huh?
I’m at as big a disadvantage as I can be.
Your chance of winning at the hearing’s as low as they come. Basically zero.
Yeah.
So you’re going to have to find evidence. Something so decisive it overcomes his buyout.
Evidence.
Something that decisively proves they gave false testimony.
Finding that is going to be my key to victory.
How do you feel about your chances?
There’s got to be a loophole somewhere.
I close the book and stand up.
Anyway, Mr. Kugitani. I heard that as our procurer, you can get your hands on anything.
What?
There’s something I want.
Oh, sure. Any merchandise you want, I’ve got. No sicko stuff, though, and nothing you can get officially on the inside.
I want a person.
Get me a custodian.
In Tulip Prison, even drinking water is harshly restricted.
While on the job, we’re only allowed to drink during allotted breaks.
Coal miners can drink relatively freely, though. Something about preventing dehydration.
It can get pretty rough to find water when I’m outside on days off, but if I make it back to the cafeteria, I get to drink some weak tea.
Technically, we can drink water in our cells.
Ugh.
If you buy a cup, you can fill it with water from the wall-mounted sink and drink that.
This really... is not good.
It’s just bad.
I don’t know where they’re pulling the water up from, but it always smells strongly of chlorine.
If even a Tokyo boy like myself thinks that, the prisoners from the countryside must have a really tough time.
This is why cell tap water is widely held to be undrinkable among the prison population.
......
My room is freezing as usual.
I bring myself up to the slightly warmer grates and lean against the wall.
Books! Books if you want to borrow any! Books! Books if you want to borrow any!
The cart bearing a pile of books comes rolling around.
How about a book or two?
Yeesh. No thanks.
Book distribution is another job that’s part of night duty.
Today’s booklender is the bespectacled woman I’m relatively friendly with.
She always wears an ill-fitting jacket.
I think she was arrested for doing something to slippers. Eating them, maybe?
Boooooks! Oh, Exhibitiman, here’s the book you requested.
She hands me a book.
There’s a memo inside—from Mr. Kugitani.
Arrangements done. Give it to her. Toss this.
Thanks.
I slip the cash into “Human Anatomy Even A Pedo Can Understand” and hand it to her.
I then sneak “it,” the thing we’d talked about beforehand, under the book’s shadow.
She hides it in the pile of books, out of sight.
Got it. Boooks! Books if you want to borrow any!
Mission complete.
Slippy.
Well, not quite.
I have a request.
You do?
I put the rest of my money in its entirety into the book I just borrowed and hand it to her.
Can you let me take over night duty this week?
Some people call night duty boilerwatch.
It makes good sense. Most of what you do is feed the boilers until morning.
......
The Obscenity Ward waiting room is cold.
The brazier keeps it a little warmer than my cell, though.
You seem down, Shuichiro.
Yeah, just a little.
My days aren’t as well balanced as before.
I’ve got so much to do, but it feels like my energy is drained.
Well, you have been out of the computer room for a while.
Yeah...
How much time has passed since I was first cast out from our project room?
It probably hasn’t been that long.
Yet to me, it feels like I’ve been out for years.
I just want to be back, and soon.
Yeah...
Being out of the game makes me realize...
...just how passionate I was about making it.
Number 0720.
I turn around to see Sofurin standing behind me.
Surprise patrol. Obligation.
I properly sent out the request to be changed to night duty.
I know. It was an unusual request, but I was the one who approved it.
She speaks no further.
Still, I can tell she has something to say.
0720. Are you all right?
She whispers.
I am.
My answer is clear.
The prison guard and inmate share no more words.
We aren’t friends.
Very well. Today’s night duty, all clear!
With that, she leaves.
It’s not like it was a particularly special conversation, and yet.
I can’t help but feel a little better.
All right. Let’s get to work.
I put the kettle over the fire.
Then, I quietly take out the seawater and shells I brought in.
I sit on my cell bed.
As I slump down on my back, my lips naturally form into a smile.
Hah! Prison, my sweet ass. Life is way easier in here than outside!
There’s not a damn thing in this world money can’t solve.
Same goes for this prison.
All I need to do is give a little flash of my bountiful financial assets and no one dares lay a finger on me, guard or inmate.
And with my natural, heaven-sent charisma, I can bring most people under my control with ease.
The only one who did try his luck with me is that bald little whelp... Hah!
The kid’s already on his last legs.
I’ve bought out over half the jury.
The only ones who refused were the guards both stupidly diligent and stupidly foolish.
Still, having six out of ten means I’m guaranteed to win. That’s the beautiful thing about democracy, really.
God, they’re just so stupid! Two of the dumbest types to walk on earth—kids and creators!
I dealt with so many of them on the outside.
I’d have them make their art for a pittance, grab all the rights, then slap my name on it and sell it.
I scooped up so much money from the ignorant masses, and I barely had to lift a finger.
By the time the creators realized they’d been had, it was too late.
People who make things don’t know how the law works. They don’t know how people work. They don’t know how anything works.
They’re a group of gullible fools that God put on this earth purely for me to exploit.
I used my power to silence them, to take away any space they had in the industry.
That’s how I made a personal fortune of a billion yen without breaking a sweat.
Didn’t think I’d be able to use any of that in prison! Heheheh...
The world is such a simple place.
All you need to do is use your head a little.
Those that can’t, well, they die having accomplished nothing.
I am graciously going out of my way to put those lemmings, those fools wasting their lives, to good use.
Really, they should worship me. They should erect a statue of me in the center of Tokyo, but they’re ungrateful enough to point their accusing fingers at me instead.
Now, let’s take a look at today’s little gift!
Plenty of gifts come my way every day.
They’re from politicians, bureaucrats, major record company execs... all people I’ve made sure had a good time.
I’m sure they’re trying to keep in my good graces for when I get out.
It’s just so hard being popular. My cell’s going to be buried in presents before long.
Maybe I should have them move me into a bigger cell.
I’m thinking of fifteen living rooms, two dining rooms, two kitchens, three thousand square feet, and about... forty-five bathrooms, minimum.
Oh! Hey, a prostate massager!
I notice it wrapped up neatly in the corner of the gift box. A quality brand.
Something I’ve always wanted.
I unwrap it and pull it out. The massager is brand new.
Not the prettiest sex toy, but the size isn’t half bad.
How did they get this through, though...?
Food and adult goods always get confiscated. Was someone nice enough to send it in with a fat wad of cash?
How considerate of them, whoever they are! I think I’ll produce their anus when I get out. My treat.
The details don’t matter, though. What matters is the massager.
It’s been a while. I think I’ll indulge... Hey! Officer! You too, Crappymori, get over here!
You called, Mr. Eroducer?
Um, I-I’m from the Obscenity Ward, s-so it’s really hard to get snuck in here...
Shut your mouth lips and get working on my ass lips! Take this and shove it in my ass, all right? Up and down, and gently.
Huhhh? Um, this is r-really dangerous without lotion, so...
Do you have any idea how trained, how refined my anus is? God, kids these days, can’t even tell a ripe sphincter from a green cherry...
Er, I am a correctional officer, so I believe shoving this up your ass would be rather...
Not a single girl who climbed to the top stopped smiling when she jammed the massager into my ass. Not a single one.
I-I can think of nothing I’d rather do! P-Please allow... meee!
A perfect moment, when a spear of lightning shoots from the gate of my ass to the crown of my head.
Ohh, nn, oooough!
Everyone’s an idiot, but the biggest fools are men who don’t train their anuses.
The rubes think the biggest difference between the male and female body is the genitalia, but to be trapped by such insignificant details is to shackle oneself to the lowest dimensions of existence.
God’s greatest gift to man is not the penis, but the prostate.
Why are you, as a man, not developing your god-given prostate?
We may not be able to fly high like the birds of the air or swim deep like the fish of the seas, but damn it, we have our prostates.
Why would you not realize its value?
Japan being behind on its prostate game is going to earn it mockery and criticism from the international community.
The link between prostates and GDP is settled science.
Why are we developing new railways, but not our prostates?
Who are the 
When do racehorses get ahead? When their asses are smacked.
The same is true of people. If you want to get ahead in this bitch of a world, do this right now: get your asshole plowed.
Er, Mr. Yasumoto, after this, will you make me a—
My ass is on fire, honey! Don’t talk to me about work!
S-Sorry, sir!
Come on, more! Harder! Deeperrrrr!
Who said, “This world, I think / Is indeed my world. / Like the full moon I shine?”
That’s how I feel.
It’s a good feeling. Maybe I should come up with a poem myself.
Prostate massager / In my ass / Such pleasure / Such luck / To have a prostate
The greatest poem. I could make myself cry.
I should have been born during the Heian period. I would have made of Japan an anal empire.
Then we wouldn’t have lost the war.
Er... Uh... W-What should I do?
Just dance over there or whatever.
W-Whyyy?!
What do you mean, why? You can’t become an idol nowadays if you can’t dance, that’s why!
Ahhhh?!
Think of all the money you’ll make if you’re an idol! Think of how your mommy won’t beat you anymore!
Yay! Yay! Woo, woo!
Money and the prostate make the world go round.
If you’ve got those, you’ve got everything.
Er, Sir, this is all against the rules, so if you could keep it...
They’ll all think I’m getting punished! Unh! Aahhh, oaahhh!
H-Hey, hey! Ooooh, wow!
Ahhhh-hah-hooo!
You can go to heaven whenever you want.
(END)
Before I know it, there are only three days left until the hearing.
Time has passed in the blink of an eye.
Kurebayashi and the Chief should be hard at work on the project in the computer room around now, ignoring Eroducer’s orders all the way.
Hard at work in a room I can’t get to.
......
Without Ozawa around, I am alone.
Not that I mind that much. I’m used to being on my own.
The guards have stopped approaching me as much.
No one wants to take on the extra work of dealing with the problem child.
Hello.
The guard with the large posterior ignores me, passing by without a response.
......
She might have caught wind of Eroducer’s rumor or been bought out by him.
I’ve felt surveilling eyes on me from afar this whole time too.
Shuichiro! Did you find anything, man?!
What do you mean?
Evidence to win at the hearing! This is no time to be putting canned tuna and boiled seaweed on your rice, dude!
It’s surprisingly tasty when you mix this in.
The trick is to mix it evenly throughout the rice, rather than having it just on top.
But Mr. Kugitani said the guy bought out the jury! He’s pushing them against you!
It gets even better when you wash it down with some nice tea.
But here you are, just going to the coal mine as usual, reading some crappy books in the library on breaks and doing useless night duty past sundown!
I might be able to make this into ochazuke, rice with tea in it. I think I’ll give it a shot next time.
So quit goofing off and make your move! Get the first hit in!
It’s breakfast time.
The affair with Sofurin taught me that it takes some real time to earn people’s trust.
Still, there’s no telling what the near future holds.
I’m revitalizing myself.
So I eat when I can. I need the stamina.
I get back to the surface when my shift in the mine ends.
I’m a little happy today with how many shells I found.
Someone interrupts my grinning with a call from behind.
Hey, kid. Haven’t seen you in a while. Well, aside from seeing you here and there in the cafeteria.
Kurebayashi? Chief?
It’s the program hour. You won’t get in trouble for not being in the computer room?
I’m just doing a little errand. It’s not like anyone around here’ll have the stones to get on my case about it.
Good point. How’s the project?
Going well. We’re doing as you said. At this rate, we might not need you anymore even if you do win.
I’m very shocked.
How about you two? I haven’t seen Little Miss Gloomy around in ages.
We’re fine. We’ve been reading in the library.
I see,” she says
When the Chief steps up beside me, she pushes her fist against my hand.
Saw this piece of shit pinned up on a bulletin board.
A flyer I’ve never seen before is balled up in her fist.
‘World’s First Prison-made PC Game, Only 500 Yen,’ huh...?
He’s really gearing up to steal our work.
Right before the hearing, no less.
‘A girl, turned into a ghost by a strange illness. A deadly bus accident looms over her classmates. Following her memories, can she find enough light to reverse the curse as her friends and family slowly forget her? An emotional journey awaits.’
......
......
Sounds like someone’s only played Key stuff...
Eroducer’s name is written particularly large in the “made by” section.
Even larger than the artist’s name.
What a crappy flyer.
Yeah. Looks like he really wants the prison to think he’s making this thing.
He’s trying to monopolize the credit, then?
I think he wants to make it seem like he always had the power in this group. Make it so the two of us can’t rise up and oppose him.
All so that if we say we won’t keep working once the hearing’s done, the guards will clamp down on us, huh? Tch. This guy’s as wily as they come.
The Chief gives me a cold glance.
It feels like she’s testing me.
How about we really mess up the game? Really sabotage it? Like, fill it with critiques of the prison, or racism, or personal attacks and the like.
Ah, so we’d hand him a poison pill and tank his reputation if he’s just going to steal our work anyway, huh? What do you think, kid?
I don’t want to do that.
I’ve believed from the start that this work would be one with value and merit.
I can’t do anything to sabotage that.
I bet. Heheh, yeah. I don’t want to mess up the characters I drew, either.
I don’t really mind. Pisses me off to think about him taking all the credit, to put it lightly. Wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say I want to tear the guy’s head off.
I’m with you there. What irks me even more, though, is that the damn pissant knows it.
He knows that we wouldn’t mess up our game just to get back at him?
Yeah, and that’s what he’s using against us. That’s not a one-off thing—this guy exploits people as easy as he breathes. That’s got to be the sort of position he was in on the outside.
The exploitation of meaningful creativity, of dreams.
He’s made a career of turning that into profit.
This is how “adults” do things.
I was an exhibitionist.
I never knew what was supposed to be bad about that, but I knew my being wasn’t on the side of justice.
There are, however, people who do nothing but use others.
People who think that others live and exist solely for them.
Coming to Tulip Prison taught me that.
I’ve met with and fought with a lot of people in this prison.
But the intensity and specifics of their crimes aside...
...the subset of people I have in mind is, I think, a more genuine evil.
Beings of inborn malice unheard of in society.
If such people truly exist...
Don’t think I can let them slide.
I head to my usual blind spot in the library.
There are only a few days until the hearing.
I’m gearing up for my last meeting with Chisato.
Right before I get there, though.
What is wrong with you, girl? Why do you have such a penchant for pissing me off?!
I notice Eroducer is there.
Ah... Nn... Agh...
He’s standing over a prone Chisato, kicking her.
......
I figured I would see him in the cafeteria at dinner, so this saves me time.
Hey.
Wh—?! Oh, it’s just you! You gave me a little scare there, kid!
You’re a little light on your escort today.
Yeah, I haven’t brought any guards along today. They’d have to do something if they saw this, wouldn’t they?
Ah... Gh...
He must have been kicking her for quite some time.
There are markings all over her skin and clothes.
What’s this?
Oh, you’ve seen it already? Pretty well-made, huh?
Stop spreading lies.
Tch. Here I thought you’d come to beg for forgiveness. I mean, you don’t have a chance at winning the hearing, you know?
Is Key all you’ve played?
I kept expecting, you know, some kind of counterattack, but you’ve just been sitting around!
And get your foot off of her.
Sitting around reading books in the shadows with this creepy girl, huh?
He kicks the curled Chisato across the floor.
Gh...!
Stop this.
I take a step forward.
Kushimori steps from behind him towards me.
Eh, eheheh...! I-If you do something violent and sexual, I-I’ll call for help and get you sent straight to solitary!
......
She steps in to ward off my objection.
Which means they haven’t noticed my actual counterattack yet.
I know what you’re plotting.
You’re thinking of the doctor’s report, aren’t you?
......
I know why you look so smug. You think that if you can prove that I made up the story about you plowing me, they’ll dig in and find out that I bought off the guards too.
......
Eroducer claims that I anally raped him.
The only reason I haven’t been punished for this is that there hasn’t been any physical evidence to prove it.
If my penis really passed through his anus, it would have left some sort of mark or change.
Our resident doctor, knowledgeable in anatomy, would have been able to find some sort of evidence. She would have been able to write a report on it too.
There being no such report is the reason I haven’t been sent to solitary yet.
There’s just no evidence I raped him.
You really think I wouldn’t have noticed that? Did you lose all your brain cells with your hair? Heh.
A scummy smile comes over his face.
Don’t you feel bad for stealing something people made?
What? Why would I? It’s their fault for making it so easy to steal in the first place!
He sounds like he is simply stating the way of things.
Come to think of it, you call yourself the
......
There’s a gulf between us, baldy. A smoothbrain like you who never learns no matter how many times he gets burned is never going to make it as a producer.
And don’t get me started on this kid!
He kicks at her upper arm.
The crap you write is all too gloomy, too downer! Don’t you get it? Nobody wants to read that!
Nn...! Snf...
So I give you advice out of the goodness of my heart, and you ignore me! What’s wrong with you? You actually think you can write worth a damn?!
Ah... Hk...
Just watching you pisses me off. Didn’t your parents teach you how to talk right?!
Eh, eheheh, y-you know, I kind of feel sympathy for you l-like we’re kind of similar! B-But I hate myself more than anyone, so I hate you, too!
I’ll say it again. Stop this.
If you go any further, I will kill you.
I’ll plug both your holes.
Oh, wow. You don’t think it’s too late for the tough guy act? You sure you want to play that game?
What are you going to do about it?
Hmm. How about I knock your reputation back down into the Mariana Trench where it belongs, just in case?
An unsettling glint shines in Eroducer’s eye.
He then slumps himself onto the desk.
Aggh! No, he’s going to rape me ag—
Before he can finish, I slam my head on the desk as hard as I can.
Wh—?!
Satisfied?
What?!
He seems to want more.
More, then.
Eeep!
Gyahhh! W-What are you doing?!
Can you get sent to solitary for violence that’s not against anyone else?
Let’s find out.
I slam my head on the desk again and again.
H-Hey... S-St...
H-Have you lost your mind?!
Blood gets into my eyes, blurring my vision.
I keep on smacking even so.
We’ve got someone bleeding over here! Captain Shikolenko, quickly, this way!
What in the world is... Huh?! Number 0720, what the hell are you doing?!
I-I didn’t do anything! H-He just started doing this out of nowhere! He’s lost it!
Shut up, I didn’t ask you! Take him to the infirmary now, bottom-feeder!
Huh? H-Huhhhh?!
My body goes limp.
Er, uh, ah...!
Right as I see Chisato’s face pop out of her hiding place.
I fall back and black out.
I wake up in a bed.
Ah! Finally awake, Mr. Mischief?
Dr. Higuchi.
Good morn... well, maybe it’s too late for that.
It looks like I’ve been taken into the infirmary.
The trash bin near the bed is filled with balled-up, blood-soaked tissue paper.
Did I bleed that much?
Hmm? Oh, you sure did. Had to give you stitches. I gave you about four around the temple.
She gets mad at me when I try to touch it.
It looks like she can do simple surgeries.
Up to mischief again, Shuichiro? You’re such a little troublemaker I think I’m going to cry.
I did it on purpose to see you.
Hn?!
Ahh, I see. Here I was thinking that even you act up and act out.
It’s not time for that yet.
Why, then? Don’t tell me you wanted one of my hand-made candies? Oh, I know! You’ve fallen for me?
......
I’ve always liked her, but elect to stay silent.
After encouraging me to laugh at her joke, she pours me a warm cup of tea.
So, I’m in a position where I have to protect my patients’ privacy no matter what, and I tend to think I’m pretty good at keeping secrets. You think so too, right?
I do.
So everything I’m about to say is just me thinking aloud. Just me talking to myself.
See, that guy came in for an appointment once. He wasn’t hurt anywhere, but he went, ‘I’ve been raped! Write me up a doctor’s report. I’ll pay you anything,’ if I can remember right.
Coffee’s too bitter for me to drink.
It really peeved me a little. I mean, normally you’d be all quiet if you came here after some big commotion, you know?
What an ugly man.
He’s the same as you.
I am an ugly man.
You may be the same, but what you’re doing is completely different. The same big scale, but one makes me sigh, and the other...
The other?
Pisses me off?
She laughs it off, noting this is what no doctor should say.
Did you write the report?
Nope. I’ve got a strict didn’t happen, don’t write it policy. I always wanted to grow up into an adult who could say no... though it does depend on the situation.
She’s a pretty cool adult, I think to myself.
Want me to testify at the hearing, then?
Please do.
I half nod, half bow my head.
I’m surprised at how easily the answer came out.
Dr. Higuchi just blinks at me.
And here I thought that’s what you came to ask me.
I put down my cup and straighten my posture.
I haven’t exactly known you for long, but... I can more or less piece together what you’re thinking.
You can?
Yeah, and right away if you talk.
So, tell me. What actually brings you here?
I’ve been having bad stomachaches from stress lately.
Oohh. And?
I’d like you to prescribe me some strong laxatives.
Her eyes go wide for a moment.
Ahahaha!
She then bursts out laughing, wiping the ends of her eyes.
Called it. Nailed it.
Y’know, when I was hackin’ at the hole the other day, this huge fossil popped out.
You found an ammonoid?
I’m heading to the coal mine on morning shift, as usual.
Right before I get to the elevator, the sound of hurried boots assails my ears.
Hey! Minato! Er, Number 0720, are you there?! If you are, take a step forward and stand still! Hurry!
It’s Sofurin.
When she finds me, the bedhead-stricken Sofurin grabs my shoulders with her face twisted with urgency.
Out of uniform today, ma’am?
That doesn’t matter! Just come with me!
Is that what you normally wear in your room?
Shut up and get your ass in gear!
She turns to me with bloodshot eyes.
You’re going to miss the hearing!
What?
Prisoners aren’t allowed to run on facility grounds. Sofurin and I are running now.
What’s going on, ma’am?
I have no idea! Just when I thought I’d managed to get to sleep, the deputy warden of the Serious Offences Ward bangs on my door, saying the hearing is at eight o’clock today!
The hearing was supposed to be held tomorrow.
No one told me anything about that.
Me neither! I’m not even on duty today, but Captain Yugao just would not budge!
Neither my mind nor heart are ready.
But if you don’t show, you’ll lose by default! What time is it?!
A minute to eight.
We have four minutes left! We’re cutting it close!
This has to be a setup.
This hearing is in Serious Offences territory. It’s out of my scope, so I can’t do anything once it starts.
She turns back to me with an apologetic look.
You... have something up your sleeve, right?
That I do.
The hearing is held in the gym.
It doesn’t feel like it usually does, though. It feels like a courtroom.
I don’t have good memories of courtrooms.
There are ten jury members.
The jury members raise their hands to the proclamation they agree with, and victory is determined by the majority.
Jury member Sofiya Shikolenko. I hereby swear to endeavor to conduct a fair trial.
Eroducer had bought out six of the ten days ago.
The free agents would be Sofurin. Sofurin, and...
My name is Yamagishi, and I hereby humbly take the last seat of the jury! I swear to strive to conduct a fair and just trial with purity of mind and loin, flexibility of thought and boing, clarity of right and wrong, and strictness to sloth and dong!
...the ridiculously by-the-book and ridiculous Officer Yamagishi from the Obscenity Ward, I imagine.
Julia Agatsuma, dears. I would like for our trial to be fair and just as God would will.
If I remember right, that’s the captain of the Sex Crimes Ward, Julia Agatsuma.
Mr. Kugitani told me to be on my guard around her, and this trial is probably no exception.
......
The other two aren’t exactly in my court, either. They’re just aiming for a fair trial.
The trial has a judge whose role it is to hear out everyone’s views.
My name is Toko Shiraishi. I will be acting as today’s judge.
A familiar face is in the post.
As the intended judge has, unfortunately, fallen ill, I will be taking her place.
It is clear as day that something is going on behind the scenes.
Now, then, Number 0720. When you were asked what the name of your team was, what did you say in response?
‘Get lost before I fucking inhume you, baby.’
I see.
Or ‘get outta here if you don’t want to end up in the fucking ground, baby.’
Quite the filthy language.
Actually, it might have been, ‘I’ll fucking bury you, you anal braincummer. Baby.’
That’s quite enough.
Yes, ma’am.
Whatever the name, I take it, then, that you did not properly refuse him?
I believe that my statement constituted a refusal.
I think that would be a difficult conclusion to reach.
Anyone would think it was an insult.
I fail to see the connection.
If someone says, ‘Wow, you have a modest chest,’ would you think it’s the name of something?
It would be appropriate to think it a particularly strange name!
The judge speaks decisively.
Gh...
Heheh...
There is no attorney or prosecutor here.
Everything comes down to what the judge wants.
Then, unable to hold yourself back, you violated Number 0119’s anus.
I did not.
On what basis do you deny this?
Me being an exhibitionist.
So you’re an exhibitionist and a homosexual rapist, then.
I am not.
This is all false testimony. There isn’t even a doctor’s report.
There is—right here.
That is impossible.
You dragged Number 0119 into a blindspot, repeatedly struck him in the face, then raped him when he could no longer resist. The ordeal left him with injuries that took a month to heal.
Just ask Dr. Higuchi. She’ll tell you.
I have this doctor’s report. I don’t need to.
I request a witness. Please call her here.
Dr. Higuchi is currently working on the mainland and will not be back until nightfall.
......
Heheheh...
Eroducer to my left chuckles smugly.
So, this is why they bumped the hearing up ahead of schedule.
We do have an eyewitness too. Come forward and testify.
I-I saw it up close w-with my own eyes! Number 0119 was about to get raped! Raped because 0720 is a-absolutely, one hundred percent gay!
What an outdated prejudice.
T-The uniforms here are really skintight, s-so I bet he got so horny for Number 0119’s jiggling butt he couldn’t help himself!
Even if that’s true, what’s it to you?
Eeps!
Number 0720, do not threaten the witness!
I find the witness’s statement problematic—our nation’s stance is one of maximal LGBT protection and understanding, not denigration.
That has nothing to do with this hearing!
The court is under the judge’s full control.
The other jury members just watch in silence.
I request to see the doctor’s report.
You would not be able to decipher it.
I’d be able to decipher who wrote it.
I do not see the point in that.
You know as well as I do that Number 0119 spread that baseless rumor himself.
It sounds like there’s no point in further questioning, then.
You don’t want to show the report because it’s a forgery.
I hereby bring the hearing of Number 0720 to an end.
If word got out that he’d been spreading a malicious, false rumor even the guards he’s bought out would have to lay down punishment.
We will now move onto se—
That’s why he bribed you, isn’t it?! To rub out that inconvenient fact!
I said the trial is over!
Her shout echoes throughout the gym.
Number 0119, I trust you have no problem with this conclusion?
I do not. If I wanted to add anything, well, I’ve been coming at this with good will from the very b—
The hearing continues on as if nothing happened.
......
I was not allowed a single chance to speak afterwards.
(END)
With the hearing over, I head for the library.
The Chief and Kurebayashi are waiting for me.
Since their leader Eroducer had to attend the hearing today, they were allowed to skip out on program time.
I explained to them what happened.
So you mean to say that in today’s hearing, you got completely, utterly, and horrifically crushed?
I did.
And judgment comes down, it’s absolutely, one hundred percent going to be that guy’s win?
It will.
Sharing only the facts of what happened, that would indeed be the case.
I was unable to call Dr. Higuchi as a witness and was barred from making any possible excuse.
It does look like Eroducer’s victory is assured.
Kid. You noticed all the warnings I gave you, right?
I did.
Good. And after that, you said you’d handle it yourself, right?
I did.
I see. Well, you said what you said.
Who cares what he said? The jury can’t think any worse of him, and he doesn’t have any evidence against the guy. He can’t even prove he bought out the jury—how’s he supposed to win?
H-Hey... W-Wai...
I’m not going to wait. How can you want us to sit back and watch while everything we’ve made, everything we recorded, just gets stolen away by that scumbag?
......
I’m disappointed in you. I thought you had some sort of plan up your sleeve like the last times, but look at this. I can’t believe you.
She speaks with cold derision.
Her disappointment reveals that she really believed in me.
Believed in how passionate I was about making our game.
What are you grinning for? After putting me through all that, what, are you turning around and mocking me now?
That really does make me happy.
Um. T-This, we...
What are we going to do, Chief?
N-No, lis...
Good question. If the sentence comes down and the kid loses, I’ll have to make sure the books are balanced, if you catch my drift.
P-Please, lis...
I’m surprised how merciful yakuza are because he’s basically already lost. Listen, it’s not too late to send your people in.
We don’t need to do that!
Yeah, we really don’t.
Game development is a sanctuary I’ve finally found after being lost for so long.
I won’t let anyone take it from me.
Yet he went and intruded.
Eroducer tried to sully my space.
He crossed a line he shouldn’t have.
I won’t forgive anyone who does that. Anyone.
I will crush him no matter what it takes.
I will bury him.
You’re on a crash course for defeat no matter how you slice it. It’d be another story if you had decisive evidence of his buyout, but... Tch. Tell me, what was that scumbag up to?
When I passed by him at the entrance of the ward, he was acting like he’d already won.
Guy was having fun messing with his prostate massager in his cell that evening too. Even had the nerve to say he wanted me to shove it in him.
Did he, now? Glad to hear it.
She shoots me a harsh, curious look, but I do not budge.
Then, I put up my pointer finger.
Chief, I’ve got a favor to ask.
He gave our plot a brief look and tore down the whole thing.
He said Chisato’s story was too dark. Too gloomy.
Let’s hear it.
He has no fucking idea.
To be more exact, it’s not of you, but one of your folks. The lady who works in the cafeteria.
He read something that I’d revised.
I’ll show him what true darkness is.
The cafeteria? Wait, you...
What do you have in mind?
I’ll show him the real shadows in life. I’ll show him what despair is all about.
What do I have in mind?
Eheh.
Chisato lets out an unsettling smile.
I’m just going to pry open a hole. A loophole.
I wake up in my cell, let out a big yawn, then roll my shoulders.
What a lovely morning.
A perfect morning for crushing a little pissant!
I sip on my delivered tea and grin to myself.
I’m on a railroad going straight to victory.
For years I’ve ridden the big names of the industry into my bank account, and had them ride my ass in kind. Crushing a kid like this is as easy as plucking out an anal bead.
My first job was moving idols out of a small agency and stealing all of their rights.
From then I would look for girls on the internet who looked like they would hit it big, buy them up cheap by saying that was how the industry worked, then sell them off for a handy profit.
They didn’t need to sing well. Hell, they could be terrible. You can fix all that in post nowadays.
They just needed to be cute. Endearing. The type to spread their legs easy.
Even better if they spread their asses easy, too.
As long as they’ve got that and my abilities as an erotic producer, they’ll make it anywhere.
Songs? Just host a competition and buy rights from the attention whores who want to write idol songs. Easy.
You don’t even need to go broad—just go narrow and exploit losers with handshake tickets.
The greatest effects with the least money.
That’s how I’ve won immense wealth and prestige.
That’s life. Whoever makes the most money stands on top.
Why, then, is one as important as myself in this prison?
So what if I raped a minor or two and made them open my asshole? Where’s the crime there?
What, twenty, maybe thirty girls stupid enough to want to be idols lost their virginity. So what?
In fact, they should be thanking me for going out of my way to teach them the ins and outs of prostate stimulation and development.
God. The world is so full of fools.
I’m going to steal that game, smooth out my record, drop my sicko score, and get out of prison.
Could there be anything more natural?
Hm?
My prostate massager is gone.
I don’t know who sent it to me, but it was quite a well-made piece.
On the outside, I could never be satisfied unless I went with slightly larger ones each session, but this massager didn’t have that problem.
It just felt so stimulating whenever I thrust it into my ass, bringing with it bountiful pleasure.
It felt like it was getting bigger on its own, growing to satisfy me.
There’s just nothing more fun than stimulating myself with it over breakfast, laughing at the fools busying themselves with their ‘loophole bangs’ and other sex play-acting while feeling superior...
The loss cast a bit of a shadow on my glorious morning.
I head to the cafeteria and get dished up.
My regular guard escort is absent to prepare for the hearing, so I have to do this on my own.
How unseemly. Why do I have to do 
Hold on. You get this one.
She puts a few plates and bowls onto my tray.
It feels like more than usual, too.
Oh, she accidentally gave me the A-set... Hah! Lucky me she’s such a fool!
With how used to high-class meals both my mouths are, I can’t say prison food matches up, but it has been a while since I’ve been full.
I eat every last crumb and return the tray.
On my way back, I see that brat.
......
......!
He’s chatting with that moron Ozawa sitting across from him, stealing glances at me.
I bet he’s sweating bullets about the hearing in process.
Or is he worried about how I locked out his doctor witness?
Heh!
Either way, it’s too late.
The sentence is coming down today, and there’s not a damn thing he can say to stop it.
That’s what he gets for crossing me.
I head back to my cell and wait for the hearing to start.
All I have to do now is lay back and wait for the sentence.
Thirty minutes from now, I’ll be sitting pretty in victory.
That’s what this world is all about, dumbass! Cash and anal sex!
As long as you’ve got both, even prison is paradise.
I can get any guard on my side.
Since I’m a responsible adult, I’m going out of my way here to teach you that. To teach you the way of the world.
And for your lesson fee, I’ll be taking your game.
Number 0119! It’s time for the hearing. Out of your cell, now!
Right, right, but of course.
There are few activities more foolish than getting on my 
Of course the rubes that don’t know the truth—that 
Of course you’re going to die if you can’t protect what rights you have.
All right, time to get this win in the bag and have a nice—
So of course this kid is going to die. That’s just the way of—
Whuh?
At five to eight, I step into the gym for the hearing.
Today’s the day of destiny. The day of the verdict.
Oh? Not here at the last minute today, Number 0720?
The judge calls to me when I pass by her.
I want to praise you for your diligence, really, but you didn’t have to show up.
......
After all, you’ve just about lost.
Do think up a nice excuse or two down in solitary! Hah!
The judge wears the same scummy smile that Eroducer does.
Maybe I’ll have to... if you’re lucky.
Excuse me?! You’re on your last legs, don’t you—
Ma’am!
A guard comes running.
What’s the matter? Has something happened?
I-It’s Number 0119, ma’am! He’s running late for some reason! He’s... He’s on his way, but...!
What?! What do you mean he’s running late?!
His escort is hurrying him along, but he’s refusing to run under any circumstances!
Chaos and clamor begin to take the gym.
He’s refusing to run? When he’s this close to being late?
What in the world is going on, Captain Shikolenko?
Goodness, me, it sounds like we’re about to see something fun.
The hearing is going to begin in one minute! Drag him here if you have to!
There he is! There’s Number 0119!
Eroducer staggers into the gym, clutching his stomach.
It’s four past eight. He’s down to the wire.
Urgh, ghhhh...!
The producer’s face is pale as can be, and sweat runs down his forehead.
Phew... Well, now that both inmates have arrived, we will begin the hearing on time as planned!
The judge lets out a sigh of relief.
Good. Now we can begin the hearing.
I shall now declare the sentence!
As an aside, I hear that countdowns are a wonderful thing.
A fellow inmate went on about how magnificent they are to me.
To hear him tell it, there’s nothing like the catharsis that comes with hitting 
I think I’ll give counting down a try, myself.
Why? Why...?!
Six.
After carefully deliberating the testimonies of both inmates...
Five.
Why...?!
Four.
...the jury has decided that Number 0119’s holds the most merit.
Three.
What the hell is going on down there...?!
Two.
Therefore, we find Number 0720 to be...
One.
Guil—
Zero.
YOU PIECE OF SHIIIIIIT!
Out comes a bellow that is more scream than roar.
Accompanying it on the floor around him is a stream of black... no, brown sludge.
What in the world?! Ugh, this reeks!
Oh, my. Oh, goodness.
Eroducer turns around at the speed of light.
He dashes from the gym, ass half out.
W-Wait! Number 0119, come back!
Now, this is quite the scatological rut we’re in. What happens to a hearing when it’s been interrupted by a bout of the runs, dears?
I’ve been up to some reading.
Not just books on Tulip Prison’s rules and regulations, though.
Chisato and I have been reading books about human anatomy. Particularly about anuses and pharmaceuticals.
I-In that case, we’ll have to postpone the hearing for la—
We can do no such thing! Tulip Prison Code of Conduct, Article Forty-Five, Paragraph Nineteen clearly states that no matter what befalls a punishment hearing—
But there’s no precedent!
...! W-Wait, there
The prison has a variety of academic magazines and journals.
I found a rather interesting article among them.
It was a case report in the Japanese Journal of Gastroenterological Surgery, Vol. 7, No. 5, July 2013.
Case Report: 52-Year-Old Man
A man simply happened to fall rear-first onto a plastic bottle with the foreign object lodging itself deep into his anus.
He found himself unable to remove the bottle that happened to get into his rear and called for an ambulance.
The man was in the habit of performing anal masturbation often, and the bottle, having happened to sink in all the way, proved difficult to remove.
Surgery was performed in lithotomy posture, but when the surgeons grasped the object with forceps, the apparatus broke. Only six hours later could the operators extract it with a meatballer.
The incident left his anal sphincter loosened, causing him to excrete involuntarily for some time after the fact.
We believe this rare case to merit this report, as well as scientific analysis. To detail...
So, what happens to the verdict now?
I-If he doesn’t return in three minutes... T-Then, according to regulations...
You’ll have to accept Number 0720’s claim in its entirety, then.
The article was a good starting point. We looked for more books to read.
What do we do to re-open the well-trained anus of a middle-aged man? How do we loosen his sphincter?
Next, what kind of medicine would cause diarrhea in someone?
We have to continue in this reek? Ugh... it stinks so bad...!
First, I had Mr. Kugitani arrange a custodian for me.
I knew from experience that a custodian could go virtually anywhere in the facility.
I then had him deliver a certain something.
The prostate massager.
Since you can’t get one into the prison even through black market routes, the ones I sent were hand-made.
Any man a fan of widening his anus would not be able to help himself after noticing it in his cell.
T-Two minutes left... W-Why is this...?
Next, I took on night duty and made the massagers
I had two of them on rotation and made them gradually larger in turn.
Then, I had the custodian exchange them every day.
This is something Eroducer would not pick up on.
With an ass that loose to begin with, he wouldn’t notice his anus’s gradual expansion.
One... more... minute...!
Why do you look so pale, Your Honor?
I’m... I’m fine...
When a judge or jury member falls ill, they get swapped out quickly, right?
Is it time for another switch?
Why, you...!
Then, I pretended to have constipation to get a prescription for powerful laxatives.
I passed them to the Chief’s people in the cafeteria, who passed them on to Ozawa, who put them into Eroducer’s breakfast.
This then presented a question: with his anus so loose, so developed, would he be able to hold back the brown tides?
The answer: no.
Everything is above board.
Victory in court by default is well within the rules.
Or did you have him promise to reward you for a victory?
W-Why, that’s ridiculous!
Winning over the remaining jury members is a simple affair.
If they have a high opinion of my opponent and a low opinion of me.
Well, I don’t need to make them think any better of my side.
Let me be more specific. Are you worried he’ll break the promise he made to make you debut as an idol if he won this?
......!
I just need to make them think worse of him.
That will shoot up their impression of me. Effectively, no less.
And you’re in cahoots with them, Crappymori.
Eeeeps! I-I don’t know anything about any of this! I-It was all the boss’s idea!
Crappymori, you piece of shit! You were right there with me, shoving that thing up his ass!
I-I didn’t shove anything! I just rubbed the lotion on his butthole and danced afterwards! I-I’m not with the poop squad over there!
You’ve got
Can you trust a man you’ve just seen shit himself?
Of course you can’t.
I said it once, and I’ll say it again. I’ll fucking inhume you, baby.
You opened your ass and you opened your grave.
T-Three... three minutes have passed.
My means were dirty, of course, but you have no grounds to complain.
The hearing finds that... Number 0720 is... entirely... in the right...!
You crossed a line and left me no choice.
We hereby acknowledge 0720 as... the leader of Team 69!
So I took my chance.
We will now hold the vote! All in favor of the sentence, say aye!
God, this stinks...” “A-Aye! Aye!” “Goodness, me, heheh...
I took this hole, this loophole, and plowed through.
Now, it’s curtains for Eroducer.
Number 0119’s punishment will be announced at a later date. I... I declare this hearing dismissed!
And victory for me.
Waaahhhh! I’ve lost it again! I’ve lost my place to belooooong!
Hey.
Eeps?!
You were practicing your dancing, right?
Y-Yessir!
Dance.
B-But I didn’t do it because I wanted to! It was all for my mom!
Dance.
B-But! But this is a court! Where the hearing w-was...!
Yayyyyy! B-Boogie down, baby! D-Dancing queen, young and sweeeeet!
Fucking dance!
Everything played out like the story Chisato wrote.
How does it feel, I wonder, to lose to her talespinning?
This is true darkness, Eroducer.
The person you threw away for being “talentless” threw you in the trash in turn.
Though I ended up tearing off your pants along with that cloak of lies...
Deal with the pain of it for the rest of your life.
And know which one of us is worthy of being a producer.
...I think you’ll enjoy being the butt of jokes, baby.
Wahhhhhh! Snff, snfff, agghh...!
You reek!
(END)
When I announce my victory, the gang’s eyes go wide before they raise a cheer.
No fucking way! Good job, kid! I thought there was no way you’d... I mean, I REALLY thought there was no way!
Now that I’m finally back in the computer room, Chief gives me a crushing noogie.
Seriously. How’d you pull a win out of your ass like that? I still can’t believe it.
Eroducer lost his rank two privileges for giving a false statement.
He was also sentenced to ten days in solitary.
In other words, we won and won big.
Thanks for believing in me.
You did say you’d do it. It’s a boss’s job to sit back, believe, and see how far you can go.
I’m not part of the family, though.
Details, details. Really, though, I didn’t expect it’d go down so smoothly.
I wasn’t lax with the laxatives.
It wouldn’t have been this close if you’d have just explained your plan to us, so you’re still basically at fault.
I won and still got yelled at.
Anyway, I don’t want any complaints from you or a balance book of favors, so I’ll apologize while I can. I’m sorry for doubting you.
You do have a point, though.
Still, here I thought you were going to prove that he’d bought out the jury or something.
That would have been too complicated. It never even occurred to us.
Y-Yeah, we... wouldn’t come up with that.
Hell, I didn’t realize the thing about the doctor’s report until Eroducer brought it up.
He did bring up something that had us thinking a bit, though.
Yeah...
Him losing to a guy like you does make me feel kind of bad for... nah. He’s not worth a second of pity.
I didn’t really care how I won.
All I needed was for things to play out like they did in Chisato’s story.
Logically and swiftly.
It’s all thanks to you, Chisato.
I-I didn’t do anything... I-I just did a little thinking t-to start with...
Him shitting himself leading to him running out of time and losing the trust of the jury, that was all Chisato.
She picked up all the information we had on Eroducer and narrowed it into a single beam of hope.
If it weren’t for her, we wouldn’t have spread his anus enough.
Though her being on the team did put her in danger.
Sorry about that time in the library, where I started smashing my head without telling you beforehand. Did I scare you?
I thought you’d gone insane.
She does not stutter.
But you were insane to begin with, so I figured you were fine.
She does not stutter in the least.
A-And... t-thanks for pro... protecting me.
Don’t worry about it.
I’m the one who wants to thank her.
Couldn’t have won this without you.
R-Rea...?
Without you, there would have been no victory.
M-My joy is immeasurable...
Him shitting a sewage system in his pants? That was all you.
......
We couldn’t have done it without you opening that anal canal, Chisato.
I-It wasn’t just m-my fault...
We couldn’t have won without his anal evacuation.
I-It wasn’t j-just... my...
She’s murmuring and stuttering something, but I can’t make it out.
Ahaha! God, that gets a rise out of me no matter how much I hear it!
I thought I’d gone insane the first time I’d heard it... Pfff...!
Hey, we worked really hard on this.
Wh...
That’s what’s so funny! Darlin’ Darkness here worked so hard, so diligently... And that’s what she came up with! Ahaha...!
It’s so surreal! You’ve got some serious comic talent!
The two burst out laughing, unable to hold back.
B-But I got told I was... d-dark and gloomy.
Well, I thought the plan was really cool.
Maybe we were too close to the plan to see how... silly it was?
This is the first time I’ve been complimented like this, t-though... I-It makes me a little happy. Eheh, heheh...
Come to think of it, maybe Chisato can write dark, yet... surreal? Comical? Amusing scenes?
Phew... So, what are we going to do about the judge? If you’re going to smack her down again, I’d like to be in on it, personally.
We won’t need to. She’s already quit.
That was her plan to begin with.
She wanted to use this ordeal to get Eroducer released early and join his agency as a performer.
Sofurin told me that guard had always wanted to be an idol.
If Eroducer took advantage of her, I can find a bit of pity in my heart.
There’s no evidence on the other jury members, so we can’t do anything about them.
So, one of them got sacrificed, essentially? I’d be lyin’ if I said I was completely fine with that.
Can’t we count this a win? Since we’ve figured out who has their price.
I don’t really understand what Kurebayashi is getting at, but she has a cold smile on her face.
In any case.
Now we can get back to making our game.
To be honest, this is all this whole ordeal meant to me.
I’m back in game dev.
Nothing else matters to me.
Let’s blast through this last week!
I shout, expecting them to shout with me.
Y-Yeah...
This time, they all sound off in sync.
Then, a few days later.
Tomorrow is the final day of the rehabilitation program’s group project.
Which makes today the deadline to turn it in.
Is it done yet...?
Not yet.
Okay...
I’m pacing back and forth behind Kurebayashi as she taps away at her keyboard.
How about now?
We’re still getting errors, so not yet.
Okay...
......
Is it done yet?!
I said not yet! Go stand over there and count keys or something.
Okay...
You know, we wouldn’t be dealing with this error if SOMEONE didn’t want to display a volume bar in the ADV part right before the deadline! You know how much work that was?!
BiBro. (Big sorry, Bro)
I decide to go count keys in the corner.
I can’t get in her way. I mustn’t.
Crazy how we were so busy until yesterday, but now we’re just waiting around.
Shhh! Keep quiet! We can’t distract Kurebayashi!
I don’t think I like your tone there.
Learn from Chisato. She’s a master of being quiet.
Uh...
......
......
She’s just crap at talking, you mean.
Oh. Right.
Goddamn it, error after error!
Nnnk!
Pffft!
......
......
Hey. You.
SorryforbeingloudI’llbemorecareful!
I’ve finished packing the archives. It’s about done.
We all pile around the computer.
......!
Sitting there like the queen of the computer lab, Kurebayashi double-clicks the icon onscreen labeled “peresp.exe.”
Is it done yet?!
It’s starting up.
Whoa, we’ve got a screen up.
Oh, t-there...!
And then.
Whoa. You did a better job than I expected!
Mmm. I’ve made it passable, at least.
W-Whoa... I-It’s moving...
We slowly proceed through the game.
Oh no, oh goodness! He blasted semen on the tornado he conjured up with his superpower, using the heat of his seed to create a cyclone!
Everything we worked on separately has become one onscreen.
A feeling of deep satisfaction fills me.
Hmm... hey, kid, you know... Seeing my own art movin’ on screen like that... kinda warms me up to see. Makes me blush.
I-It’s kind of... embarrassing.
Really? Personally, I think my designs here are fantastic. The voice acting is great, too.
Well, it’s more like... you know.
H-How do I... p-put it...?
This sure is a game.
Yeah!
It’s a game. An actual game.
The project we made ourselves.
We really made a game.
We sure did, kid.
W-What I wrote...
...is an actual game now.
The four of us are enchanted by the tiny game screen.
And n-now the prologue is over.
Everyone working together with everything they have towards a single goal...
We took so long to make it, but playing it is over in the blink of an eye, huh?
...and sharing in the joy afterwards.
Well, it is just one scene from the prologue. That’s just what making things is.
It’s something I’ve never experienced before.
......
Hah, heheheh...
Eheheh.
Heh...
They all share a look and laugh.
Hahaha...
I don’t know why, but I start laughing too.
I’ve been hurt bad from trusting people before.
Our project is... over, for now.
It’s not something I want to go through again.
But if it’s with these three... I could take it.
But this doesn’t mean it’s complete.
If it’s with them, I’m more than glad to risk betrayal. And I feel that from the bottom of my heart.
There’s so much we have left to do.
I feel like I’ve gained a lot in this moment.
But most of all, I think I’ve gained trust. For the first time.
I want to finish this game, no matter what.
I want to. I have to.
And with it complete, I’ll prove...
So until the full version is done...
...that we are here.
...let’s keep working on the project! All of us, together and ’til the very end!
(END)
I am canceling your project.
......
What do you mean, ma’am?
Haa... Put the one brain cell you have to work, child. Did you honestly think you could make a game like this in this prison, of all places?
The officer speaks coldly, giving her cane an intimidating prod.
Captain Hazuki Yugao.
The leader of the Serious Offenses Ward, she commands all of the prison’s security forces.
That makes her one of the last people you want to cross.
What?
Yet my jaw is slack, and my mind, baffled. I do not see the problem.
We... We made this with permission.
You can’t mean to tell me you thought it acceptable to make pornography in Tulip Prison, can you?
We received permission from Captain Shikolenko.
Er, well, you see...
Sofiya, I do believe I said depictions of naked women with no artistic merit were unacceptable. Would you mind explaining?
I-I am so... i-immensely, er, bigly, er... ah, forgive me...
Sofurin shrinks down in the back of the room, looking like she’s seen a ghost.
But, er, well, this, y-you see, it...
It does have artistic merit.
This is not just erotic. It asks society to reflect on the meaning of the perverse and of fetishes.
We didn’t try to make it erotic for no reason.
Now that the game is made in some form, I can explain its meaning.
By depicting the reversal of the social positions of those said to have ‘abnormal fetishes,’ I hope to open the door to greater understanding of—
That does not mean explicit sex scenes are allowed.
A clear voice rings from the center of the room.
The woman sitting in the expensive chair in the middle of the room looks to be in her early fifties.
She is none other than the leader of Tulip Prison, Warden Mizushiro.
No one here has more authority than she.
Furthermore, the prison’s attention is on your project, thanks in no small part to these flyers throughout the premise. This is further reason it must be stopped.
I cannot grasp what is going on.
Some people I’ve barely spoken to have appeared out of nowhere and are trying to take away my game. Our game.
We had nothing to do with the flyers.
Yet they have won you attention.
And I simply cannot comprehend why they think they can do that.
......
Why?
You had not put in the proper mosaics, either. It would have been illegal to release in Japan proper, much less in our prison.
Any reason you didn’t check it over, Sofiya?
I am an exhibitionist.
Sofurin, dear, wasn’t checking it over your job?
I find my greatest joy in showing off my cock.
Er... Ah...
Why, then, would anyone expect me to put a mosaic over one?
What need is there to hide what should be shown?
I don’t understand.
I don’t understand any of this.
As leader of Team 69, you will have to take responsibility as appropriate.
Why?
Prisoner Number 0720 of the Obscenity Ward, I hereby announce your punishment.
Why did it come to this?
You created a work that threatens to encourage and promote sexual activity—taboo in Tulip Prison—and have thus engaged in an indirect sexual act.
Why won’t they understand?
I finally found my own world.
Why won’t they understand us?
I found a way to express myself. Something only I can do.
Why are they trying to ignore our existence?
I found a way to communicate who I am.
Why is this happening again?
What right do you... do any of you...
Why are they trying to take me from myself again?
...have to take it from me?!
Natsumi. Sakamogi.
Hn!
Why are you trying to take everything from us?
Give it back!
......!
How is he so... str—?
Give it back to me!
Give it back.
As such, the data on your project computers will be confiscated. You will be stripped of your status as a model prisoner and rank two prisoner, and the game in question will be deleted.
Give it back!
You have no right to do this.
Furthermore, to the inmate before me who has taken an attitude both defiant and aggressive...
So give it back to me.
STOP!
...I decree a sentence of fifteen days in solitary confinement to be served immediately.
Give me back every last thing you’ve taken.
Urgh... Nnn...
I’m in the solitary confinement cells.
A lightless place where those who transgress in criminal society are sent.
Tulip Prison is for the perverts who mistepped into their incarceration, and solitary is for those who mistepped during their incarceration.
This is the prison’s lowest level.
Gah... Ahh, ahhh!
The pitch-black, damp cell is less than four square meters in size.
Small meals are delivered three times a day, all leftovers.
Urgh... Unnnh...
This is a pit of despair, one with no light or sound.
Urggghhh... Unnnh...!
Some prisoners nearly lose their minds in the deafening quiet.
Stomach’s killing me...! Can’t... Can’t see shit... Can’t take a shit... Aggh! Let me out! Let me ouuutt!
I can hear Eroducer’s voice from somewhere.
No one will come to help, no matter how much he shouts. There’s no meaning in it.
The night vision cameras in our cells simply watch us wordlessly.
We are in a hell of quiet.
Forgive me! Please! I won’t do anything bad again! Ahh, daddy! Mommy! Anaaaaaal!
They say three days in here will make even the most hardened of prisoners into the most obedient of kids.
......
I am here.
I don’t know how many days have passed.
I’m on the verge of forgetting how to move.
......
I lose my sense of time.
I lose my sense of body.
I lose my sense of everything.
...ish...
Yet this heart of mine.
The emotion that smolders in my core.
Go...ing... to...
It has not bent. It has not faded.
I grab the leftovers with my bare hands and shove them into my mouth.
...king... ame... I’m...
I eat to survive.
I eat to achieve my goal.
Going... to...
With tears of blood leaking from my eyes.
With fists balled tight enough to bleed.
With dull crimson coming up from my lungs.
I’m going... to finish...
I solemnly swear.
...making my game!
Anyone that tries to take it from me...
I’m going to finish making my game!
I won’t forgive them.
So here and now, I swear.
I’ll fucking inhume you, baby...
(END)
