.........
......
...
The air is damp, thick, and foul...
How can I describe this place?
Someone once called the prison mine “hell.”
Yes, hell.
A darkness without a hint of light, and a suffocating heat.
Truly, this place deserves the appellation.
Without light, there is no life.
Meals come once a day if we’re lucky enough to get leftovers.
If nothing comes, we won’t even see another person.
Baths are lukewarm and only every three days, if we’re lucky.
There is nothing else.
Here, there is absolutely nothing.
......
This place is a catacomb, still as the grave.
If the mine is called the lowest level of hell...
...then this place is somehow lower still—the yawning abyss beneath.
......
Next! Oh, so you finally came back, huh? Here, miner’s special!
Haa... haa...
Haa... ugh...
Hey, Shuichiro...! Hey, over here!
Ah, Ozawa.
Hands together! Commence dining!
Today’s side dishes are seaweed with roe, mini tempura, and miso soup with clams.
You really went through it down there, huh?
Om nom... went and came back...
Surface food tastes real good, doesn’t it, man?
Thish ish sho... delicioush...
The prison food has never tasted better to me.
Compared to the leftover meals in the cell, everything feels like a restaurant dish.
This wheat rice... it’s so delicious... so delicious.
Yeah... It doesn’t feel like you’re really alive down there, does it?
Yeah... It’s really bad.
Solitary was just as bad as they said.
During waking hours, you’re forced to sit on your knees and even the slightest movement earns you a vicious scolding.
My whole body... hurts.
For two weeks, I was confined in a room less than four square meters.
It felt like time was standing still.
If the guard watching you feels like it, you might be stuck there your whole life, man. That’s what it felt like down there.
Life and death are completely in the hands of the prison guards.
The prisoners can either be killed or spared, so they live in constant fear.
Not the kind of place you ever want to end up in again, huh, man?
......
Solitary is a place where any prisoner tossed in becomes a “good boy.”
It’s a correctional facility where the prisoners are supposedly reformed and made into upstanding citizens.
Once out, they never think to commit any more infractions.
...No, but that’s a separate issue.
I haven’t given up on my goal.
I won’t give up until I finish the game.
I’m still working the same job. I’m still down in the coal mine.
Hey Minato! Don’t start off too hard and leave yourself out of breath! If you mess up again, I’ll send you back to solitary!
Understood!
The tunnel that I’ve returned to after so long is more lively than before I disappeared.
Exhibitiman! Can I change this ugly bitch-looking rock wall into raw coal...?!
Go ahead, it’s reinforced with pitwood! Hahh!
The new recruit who replaced Ozawa is doing his best. He’s utilizing his experience of continuously asking for a different girl from a call-girl service and getting arrested for hindering business.
The energy of Bear Team is a delight to my body after being so confined.
After finishing work in the coal mine, the prisoners return to the surface via an elevator.
Looks like there were ammonites today too.
The new recruit seemed happy about it too.
Hey, Number 0720! Number 0720, where are you?!
In a normal correctional facility, inmates would head to the medical examination room after working, but here, we rinse off first in the coal miners’ makeshift shower.
Since we’re covered in sweat and dirt, we rarely get stopped by the guards.
Unless it’s something serious.
Hey, Number 0720, you’re supposed to stand still when you’re called!
Um, I’m Number 0633...?
Huh...? Then it must be you!
Because the underground is covered in dust, our faces are completely blackened, making it impossible to tell who is who.
I came all this way just for this!
C-Change...!
Bwahahaha.
Disgusting! Hey, did you just laugh... Number 0720?! You’ve become quite bold, mocking a prison guard. Is that what happens when you end up in solitary confinement?
Big sorry, bro.
How many times have I told you to apologize properly?!
As an apology, I’ll take off my clothes.
No!
Hyoop...!
Stop...!
Ta-daa......!
The other prisoners hurriedly head toward the seawater showers to avoid being affected.
Do you want to go back to solitary confinement...? Honestly, fools are so hard to control.
Are you angry?
Do I look like I’m not angry? It seems you have no sense of ethics after all.
Sense of... ethics...?
Think about why I’m so furious.
Hmm...
Oh...!
I’m really sorry... Captain Shikolenko.
For not being able to finish the game...
Even though you seemed so happy... voicing those lines.
Big sorry, bro.
Cut that out! Drop the ‘bro’ already! And no, I didn’t enjoy it!
I’m chrully... shorry...
From now on, be careful of your behavior. Some are even saying you should be put under surveillance again.
Oh, you want to watch over me again?
Do I look like I have the time to be babysitting you? I’m busy!
So read this... and study up!
She slams a thin book against my chest.
What’s this?
It’s a moral education textbook. One for grade schoolers!
Because of that incident, my second-class privileges have been taken away.
I can no longer participate in the rehabilitation program.
In other words, in the evenings just before dinner, it’s now like it used to be, break time.
‘Cherish your friends,’ huh...?
I nod deeply while reading the textbook borrowed from Sofurin.
Friends... are important.
Absolutely, Shuichiro.
I think that the moral education textbook has some really good things written in it.
It says that a friend is someone who “always wants to do something for a person no matter what.”
And to cherish the people around you and make lots of friends...
I’ve... never had many friends.
But you have teammates, don’t you?
I used to have teammates until recently.
We shared a strange bond and a common goal: making our game.
But now, they’re no longer here.
I wonder... if we’ll ever meet up again.
The library blind spot where everyone in Team 69 gathered at first.
Maybe they’ve already had enough of me.
I’ve caused all kinds of trouble, and I’ve never been the type to be liked by others.
......
Well, I’ll wait a little longer.
Because if I do...
...maybe by some miracle or coincidence...
...everyone might gather here again.
Ah......
I lift my head.
Chisato peeks her face out from beside the bookshelf, holding a few books.
Just like before, she’s the last one to arrive.
Long time no see, Chisato.
Ah... oh...
I guess she’s the type who gets shy when it comes to reunions.
To ease the tension, I’ll try talking a lot.
......
......
I’m also the type who gets shy when it comes to reunions.
But I can’t let that happen, so I ask a question that’s been on my mind.
Were you also put in solitary confinement?
Ah... erm... no...
After stumbling on her words, she shakes her head vigorously.
I breathe a sigh of relief.
If that had happened, it would have been difficult to continue.
I think... I want to finish the game.
Eh...?
But if no one else was harmed, I can still do it.
Y-You’re... going to... keep making the game?
I definitely want to.
She widens her left eye and then furrows her brow in a way that looks worried.
It w-would be... better if you... d-didn’t...
I’ll do my best not to get caught next time.
M-Maybe... it won’t be... l-like this... n-next time...?
I’ve already seen the depths of hell, so I’ll be fine.
Even if you... are thrown into... somewhere scarier...?
I don’t mind.
Leaving the game unfinished would hurt more.
......
Even if I get kicked, punched, and showered with abuse.
I don’t want to lose this goal.
I feel like if that were to happen...
...I would probably no longer be able to live.
So, I want you to help me again, Chisato.
......
She averts her gaze.
Then, she takes some sheets of paper that were sandwiched between the books she’s holding and stacks them into a pile.
T-This...
Is that...?
When you were in solitary confinement... I wrote... a l-little...
Oh...!
The plot we came up with was divided into about twenty chapters.
Each had its own conclusion, and the scenarios continued in an episodic format.
This is...
What she shows me is twenty-six sheets of manuscript paper—two chapters.
......
Simply put, it is a different story from the plot.
The expected happy ending feels somewhat gloomy and devoid of hope.
I’m not particularly surprised by it.
It’s doomsday after all...
The end... of the world...
She always did have a melancholic style.
Although since the plot had become brighter, I figured she would have been able to write to fit with it.
Maybe I just... can’t write... happy endings...
Why is that?
......
Because reality... always has... a bitter ending, right...?
As she says this, she strokes her right bangs.
So, even if I try to write one... I can’t...?
It seems she herself doesn’t even know why.
Or... maybe I’m cursed like that.
I myself couldn’t prove that my “exposure” was art, and I was sent to Tulip Prison.
Art can’t change the world.
So her view on reality’s bitter endings resonates deeply with me.
But... this is pretty bad.
I figure that my message won’t get across this way.
But when I say it out loud, I feel a sense of discomfort on my back.
I feel like my true meaning won’t be conveyed by saying it this way.
Oh...
In this world, there are words that hurt others, as it says in the moral textbooks.
Ah...!
Bad” was exactly one of those “hurtful words.
I... can only write like this, so...
She holds the manuscript paper against her chest and quickly walks away.
If it’s bad... ah, I give up...
I feel like if she leaves like this, I will never see her again.
Chisato...
So I call out after her.
See you tomorrow.
Without turning around, she mutters just one thing.
K-Keep safe.
I don’t want any natto... Eww...
Ugh... natto again today, natto yesterday, natto the day before that... Is this prison being run by Big Natto or something?
Now, what was today’s task at the shipyard...?
Snff... snff...!
......
Snff... snff...
Huh...?
Snff... snff...
......
Ghhhh...
So even you cry sometimes, huh?
Ah, Kurebayashi...
What’s wrong? Your nose is all red.
Ah...
What is it?
Well......
So, what is it?
Hey, what’s up, Shuichiro? Why are you sulking?
Ah, Ozawa...!
You’re sniffling so much. Do you have any tissues? Here, blow your nose.
Bffffff...!
Sorry, Drone Girl, he’s the type who gets shy when it comes to reunions.
Seriously, what’s wrong with you?
Kurebayashi flips her cup of natto upside down for no reason in particular and rests her chin on her hand.
Well, anyway, why are you crying so much?
I am... very sad.
I guess even insensitive people who don’t express emotion still know how to cry.
Thank you for worrying about me...
So, you really are insensitive, huh?
Oh? Ah, he wants to know, were you okay after what happened?
Ozawa... pspspspsps...
Huh? Well, I was fine. The prison workshop has changed, though.
Did you get put in solitary confinement?
Pspspspspsps...
Say it yourself without relying on a thug.
Snff... snff...
He’s crying because you scared him.
So annoying... All the blame got put on you, so I didn’t get put in solitary confinement. I just got a little warning.
I’m glad you’re okay...!
Stop crying at everything I say.
Looks like you’re going soft, huh...?
What’s wrong with you guys?! Why are you crying there? Did something really bad happen?!
Bad timing...
Number 0720 has severe hay fever, so I was helping with his daily routine!
Yeah, there’s still pigweed and stuff at this time of year... Ha! It’s funny because the prison food suits you so well!
......
Ahh, because it’s slop...!
......
Hey...!
......
I briefly explain what happened yesterday.
That Chisato left and might not come back.
Huh...? It’s just another way to say goodbye, right? Why do you care so much?
‘Keep safe...’ can have several meanings.
Huh...?
She said ‘Keep safe’ as a farewell...!
......
Maybe I hurt her.
If that’s the case... that would hurt.
I wonder if she’s not going to write the scenario anymore.
What was it again? The protagonist is a perverted thug, right?
Yeah, he only sees women as sexual objects. My idea was... he wants to violate them all and make them his.
I’m pretty sure
A protagonist who thinks everything in the world is stupid.
The world that doesn’t accept him is stupid in his eyes, and he always feels lonely.
So he’s out to get women, huh? What a piece of shit.
By the way, you’re the model.
......
You.
Me...?
In this city, there exists a power source called “Lustveins” that originated from the “Lust Stone” that fell long ago.
The story begins as the protagonist’s unique fetishistic tendencies react to this power, granting him special abilities.
If we’re talking about models, aren’t all the prisoners here like that with their unique fetishes? Isn’t that just self-projection?
Huh...? You’re making it sound so complicated.
It would be terrible if my connection with Chisato were to be severed and everything came to an end.
I wonder how I can convince her.
I want to talk to her, right now.
Do you know where Chisato does her prison work?
I work the shipyard now, but she’s not here... By the way, where’s Little Miss Gloomy’s cell again? Is it in the Sex Crimes Ward?
I’ve never seen a gloomy chick like that in Sex Crimes. Not even in the mess hall.
Ozawa has been transferred to various prison work areas, but he says he’s never seen anyone like her.
We don’t know where her cell is.
We don’t even know her prisoner number.
She’s a girl who wears black rags and has raven-colored hair.
Did you... never ask any questions about someone who sounds like such a creepshow?
Would that have helped?
What kind of person she is doesn’t change how well she writes.
I just always knew that as long as Chisato had the story, it would turn out well in the end.
Yeah, I feel like it would’ve helped you right now.
......
It’s true.
And right now, I could use some help.
(END)
As long as Chisato is a prisoner, she should be working somewhere in Tulip Prison.
Foreman! Here’s another ammonite!
I figure I can persuade her if I can just find her somehow.
Oh, there are ammonites everywhere!
But I’m being watched by the guards.
If only there were some clues somewhere...
By the way, I hear there’s a ghost in this mine...?
Yeah... Minato, you’ve met her before, haven’t you?
Huh?
What do you mean, ‘Huh?,’ you idiot. She saved your life once, didn’t she? The demolitions expert.
This “demolitions expert” would be the miner who mainly handles dynamite in the mine.
She once saved my life during a cave-in.
Even our leader doesn’t know which team she’s on. When we contact her, she blows up what we need and vanishes with the smoke. Not many people have seen her true face.
So, a ghost.
According to the stories, there has always been such a tale about this mine.
Before the war, there was a legendary miner in this mine. He was actively mining.
That miner had a fetish for rocks and would masturbate whenever he saw a piece of rock that had the perfect shine.
That’s one way to be ‘active.’
During one of his self-pleasure sessions, he was caught in a cave-in and died.
And his daughter was waiting for him to come home and starved to death without anyone noticing.
Since then, her ghost has been wandering around this mine, looking for her father.
She judges if someone is her father based on his dick, and if they don’t match, she leaves.
That’s why it became a practice among the superstitious miners to expose their crotches during disasters.
Expose our crotches...?
Yeah.
It’s okay to do that...?!
......
I had no idea there was such a superstition.
Everyone was saying you were saved because you’re an exhibitionist, you know?
......
I guess I don’t pay much attention to superstitions because I don’t believe in them.
Well, if I ever get caught in a cave-in, I’ll just expose myself, I guess.
Let’s all do it together.
But it’s not like you can just say ‘Next’ to an ugly ghost, you know...
And then, I suddenly remember.
The demolitions expert—the one we’re calling the 
Her voice was delicate and beautiful, but it sounded like it was difficult for her to get the words out.
And Chisato also uses “Keep safe” to say goodbye.
......
I ask some miners if they know anything about the ghost.
Ah, the ‘Dark Lady?’ She has really pale skin. It’s kind of creepy.
The ‘Twilight Princess,’ huh? She’s kind of lacking in presence.
She’s the person who always walks around in the dark.
A phantom with hair over her eyes.
A dark character.
A gloomy person.
......!
It’s definitely Chisato...
I am absolutely certain of it.
Are you... a ghost?
......
Chisato is unexpectedly in the library, so I ask her.
Ghosts are... really scary.
......
So, I would be... happy if you weren’t a ghost.
......?
Chisato looks puzzled.
It seems that she isn’t a ghost after all.
Well... you’ve come again.
The look on her face tells me that this comes as an unwelcome surprise.
I will come as many times as necessary.
Are you... some kind of prophet...?
I won’t leave until you write.
S-Scary...
I’ve scared her again.
I r-refused you... already.
Yeah.
In a... roundabout way.
It was roundabout.
And yet... why do you... want me to write it so badly?
Because I want you to prove to yourself what you’re capable of.
Chisato says she can’t write happy endings or fun stories.
But I don’t think that’s true.
I can’t... I can’t do it.
You can.
I can’t write... a-anything cheerful...
You definitely can.
How can... you say that?
Because you’ve already done it once.
I Made Eroducer Shit Himself Out Of Court.
She was the one who wrote that script.
We were serious about it, but Kurebayashi and the Chief were laughing so hard they had stomachaches.
That’s what’s so funny! Darlin’ Darkness here worked so hard, so diligently... And that’s what she came up with! Ahaha...!
It’s so surreal! You’ve got some serious comic talent!
She taught me a whole new kind of humor.
So, if she does the same thing for this story...
You have innate darkness.
Innate darkness...
You could even call it pitch black... a gloominess.
......
I’m not that dark...
But that’s not all.
I’m not...
You can use that to your advantage and bring smiles to people’s faces.
I believe in that power.
If, for some reason, she can’t do it if she tries...
...Then when the time comes, I’ll accept it and take responsibility for everything.
Why...? Why are you so... obsessed with me?
What do you mean?
It’s not like you
T-There are... s-so many... bad things about me... aren’t there?
And yet, why...?
Because I’m here.
I answer very succinctly.
When you said you wanted to make a game with sickos in it, you said the same thing.
What... does that... m-mean...?
Don’t you want to prove it?
Prove... what?
If a few people were to read the scenario you wrote, even if it’s not many...
We sickos have been oppressed by society.
And now, we have been packed off to prison as if to erase our very existence.
But maybe, just maybe, there might be someone who will remember us forever.
Despite it all, we’re still here now.
There is no doubt that we are alive.
In other words, it would prove that you existed in this world to someone.
In this way, living as sickos, we face a challenge.
I can’t explain this feeling well.
We have to prove to ourselves and everyone else that we exist.
I’ve always wanted to express something.
But I couldn’t do anything alone.
I could only express it by taking off my clothes.
But if she’s with me, maybe I can.
I need your assistance.
Will you help me pursue my impulses?
Is this an incredibly selfish thing to say?
I don’t really understand it myself.
......
She lowers her gaze.
But I don’t feel the same negativity as before.
Why do you... think you can’t write well?
Um...
P-Probably... because I’ve never... had friends...
Friends...
T-That’s why... I can’t write... those h-happy feelings... or c-conversations...
If that’s the case, you’ll be able to write them once you have friends.
If obstacles exist, it’s my job to eliminate them.
I will remove all obstacles and pave the way for her to write the scenario.
I will be your first friend.
If that will allow her to write, then from now on we are no longer just teammates from Team 69.
We are friends now.
As friends, we will create a game together.
W-Well then... I c-can’t g-guarantee if I’ll b-be able to wr-write it or not, but...
She hesitantly reaches out her hand.
She’s so hesitant that it takes too long, so I reach out and grasp her hand firmly.
Looking forward to working with you...!
Uh... gah...
She lets me flop her arm up and down in a handshake.
The only time I can work with Chisato is still just one hour in the evening.
Other than that, we can’t meet.
At least I’m relieved to know that she isn’t a ghost.
Are you really relieved?
I am indeed relieved.
We are officially prohibited from making the game.
Ah... oh...
Good evening, Chisato.
H-Hi...
Chisato is always in a blind spot, so I don’t think she’ll be noticed here.
I see... okay.
I close the book I was reading and sit across from her.
What do you think a friend is, Chisato?
Um, someone you’re close with.
Yes... it’s a relationship where we help each other.
......
Friendship is a relationship where we help each other and treasure each other.
If a friend were in trouble, what would you do, Chisato?
I’d... listen and...
Yes, you’d... help them.
You never let me... say anything...
If someone is in trouble, a friend helps them.
It’s written here too.
So I want to provide everything she needs.
Now, tell me what you desire.
I have decided to prepare anything Chisato wants.
Your wishes will come true now.
......
Tell me.
I... I’d...
Go ahead...
I-I don’t... need that...
Why...?
I-I’m not... g-good at... talking...
She doesn’t want to talk, so she hesitates to say what’s causing her trouble as well.
But if she doesn’t express her desires, I can’t fulfill my role as a friend.
I really want you to tell me...
Uh... um...
I really want her to tell me.
Is there any way to make you say it?
S-Scary...
I’ll try to find a way to make her speak.
Chisato always has a sad voice like it’s doomsday.
So instead, I decide I’ll pay close attention to her every move from now on.
Ah...
I’ll massage your feet...
Ah... ngh...
I’ll massage your shoulders...
Chisato’s really skinny. Hinako is pretty thin, too, but Chisato is on another level.
Having friends is... convenient...
I’m happy that she is pleased.
Now, what’s next?
......
She falls silent again.
Is there no way to have continuous communication?
She said she was bad at talking.
Then, how about writing it?
W-Wri...ting...
I brought a notebook that I purchased with fuxx, so I hand it to her.
Write on this and show it to me.
«Like this?»
Even her handwriting exudes a sort of doomsday despair.
Since she writes fast, maybe it will go better than expected.
Let’s give it a try.
«I’m in.»
By the way, about the story you’ve written, I think it would be better not to start with the protagonist being hated on so much.
«Really? Why?»
I don’t think players would enjoy it very much, so it would be better to show conversations with the heroine sooner.
«Is that so?»
Which would attract more attention, a scene that’s all narration or one with a cute girl?
«The broad.»
Ah, oop...
«The girl.»
......
......
So, let’s proceed with a twist here.
«Got it! Dang, writing a story sure is tough!»
For the first time, we are able to communicate smoothly.
«Yay!»
Chisato is more cheerful than I expected.
But why is talking difficult for you?
......
«Because I have dysphemia.»
What does that mean?
«It means I stutter.»
Thanks for the explanation.
«That’s why I don’t like talking in front of people.»
But you were talking to us.
......
......
«You guys keep talking to me non-stop.»
«Even if I stay silent, you keep talking to me.»
«If I don’t respond, you raise your voice.»
«And you go ahead with things as you please... if I don’t say anything.»
«And if I refuse, you intimidate me.»
I’m really sorry.
I feel reprimanded.
Getting lectured with a paper trail is scary, I think to myself.
Let’s just talk normally.
Okay...
Your voice is beautiful, so it’s a waste not to hear it.
......
I don’t think your worth changes just because of a stutter.
......
She hides her face behind her notebook.
«It’s so easy for you to say such things that make me want to crawl out of my skin.»
Crawl out of your skin...
«I’m really embarrassed.»
Crawl out of your skin...?
«I don’t think what you’re imagining is accurate.»
Language is really difficult...
In that case, feel free to make requests.
......
She opens her mouth slightly.
Ah, uh......
But Chisato still isn’t much of a talker.
Those who are put in solitary confinement are required to undergo a medical examination as soon as they are released.
It seems they check if our bodies are weak or if we have any mental abnormalities.
You look beautiful today, ma’am.
Oh boy, you’ve gone crazy, haven’t you?
I’m happy to see you after such a long time.
Oh my! So solitary confinement turns
She pinches my cheek.
I haven’t seen Dr. Higuchi in such a long time. She is somehow very happy and at ease.
Now then, there’s a rule that we ask those who have been released from solitary confinement if they will never break the rules again.
I will do it again.
I figured as much.
I am determined to complete the game.
That’s the spirit! You’re really something!
Are you going to stop me?
No, if you want to do it, I think you should continue. Give it your all, young man!
I like you, Shuichiro, so I want you to do whatever you want.
Dr. Higuchi pats her belly and then places the file case on her lap.
But I’ve never heard of a girl named Chisato... She’s not on the roster...
Ma’am...?
Ah, um, never mind. It’s nothing. She has a stutter, right?
Yes, she has a stutter and doesn’t like to talk much.
Is there any way I can have a smooth conversation with her?
That’s the only thing I’m thinking about.
Conversation is like playing catch, you know.
Playing catch?
That’s right. It’s like throwing fastballs and slow change-ups, big, wide curveballs, and cutters that suddenly change direction. It’s about throwing different kinds of pitches.
Dr. Higuchi pretends to throw an invisible ball.
I’m not good with balls, so I can’t catch it well.
Do you like baseball?
I love it! Since I was born in that area, I’m crazy about the Red Hell Legionnaires. Even though it’s not my hometown.
People who like sports are generally my enemies.
But since Dr. Higuchi is a good person, I’ll exclude her from that category.
I see. Playing catch.
That sounds useful. I’ll give it a try.
But stuttering isn’t always caused by just nervousness. It can be alleviated through therapy, you know?
Dr. Higuchi says that if I bring her here, she might get better.
But that doesn’t matter to me.
Why?
Because I don’t think her value would change if she were to overcome her stuttering.
If she wants to get rid of it, I’ll help her, but that’s not the case this time.
I just want to have smooth conversations with her.
So I can’t really see a reason to correct it.
Your values are quite violent... and perhaps sometimes they may cause pain to others...
But I suppose there are times when they may also have a positive impact.
......?
You know, Shuichiro, maybe going all out for her could also benefit you.
What she says is difficult to understand and I don’t really get it.
So become someone who can support her.
But Dr. Higuchi has a very serious expression on her face.
Okay.
Without fully understanding, I give a big nod.
(END)
Today, we’re working on writing the story in our blind spot again.
Since we can’t use a computer, we have to write on manuscript paper with a pencil.
I... I can’t write well... I just can’t... ugh...
It seems like today’s story writing is quite difficult.
Chisato is hunched over with an unusual grip on her pencil, growling lowly.
Something’s... wrong with my head... it feels... foggy... like it’s not working properly...
......
Huh...?
......
......
Are you... bullying me?
I heard that conversation is like a game of catch.
......
......
So let’s play catch.
That’s not... what that means...
It takes time to go outside.
You’ve definitely got... the wrong idea...
But we can do it with paper here.
It won’t make a lot of noise, and we have paper right here.
Since Doctor Higuchi said that we can have a conversation if we play catch, I’m sure it’s the right thing to do.
Catch!
Oh... Ahh...
She tries to catch the paper ball, but it hits her head instead.
C-Ca...tch...
The limp ball fails to reach me and falls on the desk.
Have you played catch before?
It’s... my f-first time... ever.
It’s her first time playing catch.
I can... throw the ball.
......
And I catch it one out of three times.
......
Heh...
A-Annoying...
I’m really annoying her.
Asshole. Acting superior.
There’s no need to say all that though, I think to myself.
Ca...tch...
Nice, nice!
Chisato has quickly become able to catch the ball.
And unbelievably, she throws the ball to where my hand is.
......!
Have you... actually played ball?
Perish the thought.
I open a dictionary with one hand.
An expression used to reject an idea or suggestion as absurd or unwelcome.
Okay. She’s never played ball before.
We’re ‘companions.’
......?
We continue to throw the ball to each other.
Right now... what are you struggling with?
I want to fix my writing. It’s becoming too enigmatical.
Enig...matical...?
My writing... feels stiff... so I want to use simpler words to create a lighter atmosphere.
Mathematical...?
Indeed, Chisato’s writing is difficult to read, just like the words she speaks.
If she says that it gives off a heavy atmosphere, then maybe that’s true.
Ah, like the line the protagonist says to the young woman who comes in to work on his plumbing before he falls in love with her...
What is it?
‘I went to a plumbing company because of my toilet problem, but I was flatly repudiated... Can you do it here? Repair a sex slave, I mean.’
......
......
How about changing ‘sex slave’ to ‘cum dumpster?’
How... do you spell... ‘dumpster?’
Even though she can write difficult words, for some reason she can’t write “dumpster.”
I think we learned how to write that word in elementary school.
I didn’t go... to ele...mentary school... much...
So that’s why you don’t have any friends.
......
She has a very unhappy expression.
I’m very unhappy...
She said it out loud.
You shouldn’t worry about it.
I don’t... have any friends either.
Really...?
Well, there’s Amatsu.
......
And... Ozawa too.
......
She has a slightly gloomy expression.
If this goes on, it will dampen her motivation again.
Chisato, you’re a genius, so others can’t keep up with you.
Now I remember what Kurebayashi had said.
W-What...?
Because of your superior sensibilities, others... tend to avoid you.
I guess, maybe...
You have an incredible aura.
Is that... how I seem?
Unprecedented... talent.
Oh, no, not at all...
A gloomy... genius.
Eheh... ehee... eheh...!
Not having gone to elementary school may have affected her.
There’s a possibility she doesn’t know how to spell difficult words or words that aren’t commonly used in spoken language.
Instead of ‘repudiated,’ wouldn’t it be better to use ‘refused?’
I see... Ah, that feels... good... It sounds a bit softer now... If I fix it like that, it’ll be good.
She breaks from the game of catch and starts revising the lines.
After that, she moves to a new sheet of drawing paper, and her pencil continues to make steady progress.
When I move my body, somehow... my head feels a little... refreshed.
She has a slightly brighter expression on her face.
If my head stays refreshed... writing will become... much easier.
Just sitting at the desk I won’t get anywhere... That might be the case.
I want my head... to stay refreshed... It makes me... feel better.
Does it?
Is there... a way... to do that?
Let’s search for one.
I feel like we were able to have a little smoother conversation.
At the same time, I think once again that Doctor Higuchi is amazing.
I’m feeling very happy about this.
Oh, if you eat something sweet... the tiredness in your head... goes away...
I want to be more helpful to Chisato.
I want to be her support.
R-Really...? I want... to try it.
I’ll go find something right away.
Chisato’s eyes widen in surprise.
Just wait for me.
No, um...
Come hell or high water, I
Are you... joking...?
Don’t worry.
I said I would prepare everything she wants.
That’s what friends are for.
That’s what I want to do.
In the prison, sweet foods are highly valued and known as “zoo-zoos.”
Prisoners rarely have the opportunity to consume sugar, so sweets are a rarity.
Sweets? I ain’t got any of those.
Did you forget? I don’t sell that kind of stuff. Nothing sexy, nothing dangerous, and nothing you can already get in here anyway.
I’ve got alcohol though. Whiskey, sake, beer, vodka, highballs, you name it. But no wine, it makes people crazy.
As Mr. Kugitani says, sweet things are not completely unavailable in prison.
There seem to be gatherings where first-class and second-class individuals are called, and there they can enjoy biscuits with cola and chocolate.
These gatherings only happen once a month or twice for first-class prisoners.
Shlllrrrrrppppp! Shlurp, shlrrrrrp!
You! Don’t you dare forget the rule in this prison about slobbering all over your fruit!
Shlllrrrpp... mm!
Even though some of the inmates used to despise sweets when they were in the free world, they now can’t resist sucking on the canned fruit at dinner.
But when it comes to the best zoo-zoos in prison...
...without a doubt... it’s gotta be this red bean and margarine bread.
At lunch on a day we don’t have work...
...it seems that this bread, which is only served once a month, is the most popular meal among the prisoners.
This thing, I mix the red bean and margarine... and I throw in some fruit cocktail too to give it a tangy flavor...
And then, I split the bread in half, put this stuff in between, and then I chow down.
Mmm, so delicious!
I try eating it in the same way.
Delicious.
See? This is the best way to eat it, you know.
It’s so sweet that my salivary glands are starting to hurt.
It’s a popular way of eating it among the yakuza, or so I’ve read in a manga or something.
Anyway, it’s the perfect food to heal a brain that is tired from writing.
It’s just the thing. I 
Are you serious...?! Do you know what’s gonna happen if you try to pull that shit in this prison?
What would happen?
Ozawa starts to open his mouth, but then shakes his head.
Well, you’ll find out soon enough... It’s about time for the ‘idiots’ to make their appearance.
Lactose intolerance isn’t a pervert disease, is it...?
After lights-out that day...
First Officer Yamagishi!
...after everyone has settled down to sleep...
What’s going on?!
I immediately understand what Ozawa was talking about.
You there! Take out whatever you were trying to hide in your vagina!
So you were hiding bread in there after all! What were you thinking!? Did you confuse
No, it’s not like that! We were planning to start a bake-whorey that makes bread baked in the vagina after we’re released. This was just practice...
Even if I were to allow that, would the health department allow it? Don’t come up with flimsy excuses like having a loose vagina... I’ll make sure your body can never give birth to margarine again!
It seems those prisoners secretly brought zoo-zoos into their cells.
In order to discipline them, Officer Yamagishi pulls her baton out from her waist.
At that moment...
......
From out of nowhere, a person wearing a mask appears.
Commander Ohtabe, what is the meaning of this? I didn’t request any backup.
Officer Yamagishi frowns noticeably.
But the special security team member pays her no mind.
This is an order from Captain Yugao. If we show the prisoners any kindness, it will disrupt the discipline of the prison. So...
So...?
We must make an example of them!
Eep!
......
Without mercy, they continue to strike the female prisoners.
Again and again, relentlessly.
They punish the prisoners unceasingly, one after another.
Ah, gah...! Ugh... Eep...!
The voices of the prisoners gasping for breath can be heard.
Stop it! If you go any further, they really will die! If there were new prisoners, it would be one thing, but right now it’s just senseless...!
You can give us instructions, but you can’t overturn the orders of the captain of the Special Security Division.
The voice of the security squad is utterly emotionless.
Or do you have the authority to command us... Officer Yamagishi?
A-All right...! Hey, take this person to the infirmary quickly! Hurry up!
Just like before, the prisoner is dragged away.
You saw it, Shuichiro? If they bust us for Illicit Exchange, the SST will come and beat us half to death.
With a smug smile, Ozawa brings up the incident that’s already the talk of the prison.
After that, it won’t be solitary, but they’ll hitch your foreskin to a segway and drag you around the prison.
......
So, you should just give up already.
Even so, it’s absolutely necessary.
If it means being able to write something good, I must cross dangerous bridges.
This is my rationale.
Ozawa, you work in the mess hall. Can’t you figure something out?
What,
I see...
I lower my shoulders and look down a little.
Well... it’s not like there’s absolutely no way, but... goddamnit...!
There is a way?
Scratching his head, Ozawa lets out a big sigh.
I don’t really want to recommend this, but...
(END)
Ma’am, it looks like there’s a conflict between the Psychobaldie and the Order of the Cunny Cross guy in the Sex Crimes Ward!
So, the brat who implanted women’s pubic hair on his head and declared ‘Pubic hair over sex appeal,’ and the thug who forcefully awarded medals to women who tasted good. What’s the story?
They’re arguing over whether pubic hair is necessary or not for female genitalia... and the guards want someone to mediate because it’s getting ugly.
Good grief, it’s been nothing but boring jobs lately...
I argued that both shaved and hairy are unique characteristics of women and have their own irreplaceable charm... but I got called a dickhead who would take any form of pussy...
Ma’am, here’s today’s earnings! Shall we open the gambling den right away?
Unfortunately, it’s a no-go. I have work to do... Honestly, what a burden.
Such is the obligation of a mediator. Back when I drove a septic truck, a colleague later arrested for public defecation left me with words of wisdom: The blessed of society have not only privileges but obligations as well.
Do we have any decent people here? Jeez...
I want to draw a picture...
Hello.
Huh...? Kid?
Who the hell is this brat?!
You know you’re on Hatae Clan turf, don’cha?!
I have business with the Chief.
What the hell is it?!
It’s a spankade.
It’s a spankade.
A what?!
Sorry, I meant, it’s a gang raid.
Do you want me to hit you?!
Stop it... Hey, kid.
Chief.
But ma’am! This brat is being quite bold, saying he’s come here to raid us and spank you!
Let it go, he’s just a scamp... Come over here.
She beckons with a flick of her hand.
Long time no see, Chief.
Didn’t they teach you how to speak properly in solitary?
Big sorry, bro.
I’ll give you credit for your sincerity. It seems like you’ve been through a lot. So, what are you going to do now?
I absolutely want to finish the game. That’s why I’m secretly working on the story with Chisato right now.
Ah, with Darlin’ Darkness, eh? Well, it’s good to have her, it’ll be easier that way.
Keep it a secret.
I get it. I didn’t like that you didn’t come to greet me first, but when the time comes, I’ll draw it for you.
Yay...!
I’m glad the Chief said that, because you can’t make a game without drawings.
And there’s one more thing I want to ask.
Hmm, what is it?
I want to challenge you to a game... for a red bean and margarine sandwich.
The leader of the prison cafeteria is one of the Chief’s subordinates.
So she secretly collects leftovers and uses them as gambling prizes.
In other words, if I win the bet, I’ll be able to get a red bean and margarine sandwich.
Hey, you little shit... do you know who you’re fucking with?
It feels like the temperature in the room drops a few degrees.
Gambling is what the Hatae Clan does. As long as I bear this crest, I won’t half-ass it in gambling.
When it comes to gambling with a bet like a red bean and margarine sandwich, of course, you have to bet something suitable.
If you can’t pay, we’ll definitely make you pay up. We’ll gang up on you and beat you half to death. Even if you’re a familiar face, we won’t hold back.
And yet, you still want to sit in this gambling den with me, Taeka Hatae? Hmm?
That’s right.
Then, what will you bet in return for the red bean and margarine sandwich?
My dick.
Your dick?
This time... that’s what I’m betting.
......
......
He’s a dear friend of mine.
......
......
So... that’s the determination you have.
As the woman who’s called the chief of the Hatae Clan, I can’t just back down when I hear you’re willing to go that far.
But, ma’am! There’s no balance at all between this kid’s uncircumcised dick and a red bean and margarine sandwich!
Shut up, you punks!
The room shakes with the Chief’s shout.
All right then. How shall we settle this bet? We can do poker, blackjack, baccarat, whatever. But unfortunately, I have work to do right now.
The Chief is known for being good at handling bets.
But this is a prison, and openly gambling is out of the question.
That’s why we can’t do it here... So, let’s see...
Weren’t you in the Obscenity Ward, kid?
Yeah.
Then, after lights-out tonight, let’s bet on which guard will come on their rounds first.
Got it.
I’ve got plenty of informants in the Obscenity Ward. Just so you know, there’s no fooling them. You just try paying off a guard with some pocket change to come—it won’t work.
I know I can’t get any tricks past the Chief.
Which guard will be the first to enter the ward?
It’ll be Sofurin.
I answer without hesitation.
The end of the work-free day is signaled, and the lights in the ward are turned off.
Usually, there’s nothing to do except get into bed, but I lean against the wall.
That was quite a bold move, Shuichiro.
Sorry, Amatsu. I used you as a bet...
Don’t worry about it. Even Melos used his friend as collateral. You have to keep running, don’t stop.
Besides, you don’t plan on losing, do you?
No.
......!
It’s a very simple gamble.
Hey...! You really managed to get it right, didn’t you...?!
The next morning during breakfast, Ozawa lightly pokes my head.
Damn, I can’t tell if you’re lucky or unlucky, you idiot...!
It’s not... luck...
Because I called for her.
Since I couldn’t have direct contact, I spread rumors like this:
It sounds like Number 0720 is engaging in illegal masturbation tonight.
I figured that if there was some kind of problem, she would probably be ordered to monitor me.
Ah, so that’s why you’re out of breath...
I had to do push-ups... until morning.
In return, I ended up being punished as if she was taking it out on me.
She was terrifyingly angry because her sleep had been disturbed.
Hahaha! So, you wanted the sandwich that badly, huh, kid?!
The Chief sits down while placing a tray in front of me.
Was it unfair?
Not really. You didn’t break any promises. It’s not a bad thing to increase your chances of winning in a bet. And it seems like you’ve already received your punishment, huh?
It was the most logical option.
Logical, huh? I like that about you, kid.
I don’t dislike your willingness to sacrifice yourself... But wow, I never expected it to turn out like this...
She seems really troubled and scratches the back of her head.
Actually, the crackdown ended up working its way around to us... One of our guys got caught by the SST too.
He was sent to the hospital, and the red bean and margarine sandwich... is probably sitting in the stomach of a guard by now.
I see...
I had even gone through punishment for this. I’m really disappointed.
So I make a face that clearly shows it.
Don’t make that face. Spare me... But as a replacement, I brought this.
She passes me something round under the table.
It is slightly warm.
Make sure you hide it so it doesn’t get found, kid.
I’m confident that I can hide it in a secret locker where it definitely won’t be found.
Chief, how did you manage to bring it here?
Well...
It’s a trade secret, you idiot.
Chisato, here.
Huh...?
I quietly place the item I obtained in front of her.
This should help relax your tired mind.
It’s... an orange.
The Chief had brought an orange.
Instead of the red bean and margarine sandwich, the zoo-zoo she gave me was an orange.
Since it was picked last night, it should still be good to eat.
She opens her mouth in surprise.
I heard you’re not... supposed to bring things... like this here.
That’s true.
So... I made you... do something bad...
There’s nothing I can’t do.
H-How... did you... get it here?
In my anus.
......
In my anus.
Because of my experience hiding electric massage tools in my anus, it worked perfectly as a storage.
It was difficult not to crush it since it was soft, but the shape is surprisingly well-preserved.
I’m glad it was easier to get than I thought.
I don’t... want to eat it.
So please enjoy it without worry.
I don’t... want to...
You said you wanted it.
Veritably, but...
I look it up in the dictionary.
It seems she means something like “That may be true, but...”
I become smarter when I’m with you.
No, really... you don’t have to...
Anyway, go ahead and eat it.
I peel the neatly wrapped skin and slowly offer it to her.
Please have a bite.
......
She takes the orange with her index finger and thumb as if she’s holding something for the first time.
And then, she brings it to her mouth in a fearful manner.
Ow... Ouch...
She seems to be in pain.
It’s sweet and... my cheek... hurts...
She’s in a lot of pain.
It’s sw-sweet... a bit sour... smells refreshing... and also...
Yeah?
It’s really... delicious...
With her eyes wide open, she puts the orange to her lips.
Shhcckk... shhccckkk...
She sucks out the contents from the butt.
In truth, I was going to bring something more luxurious...
I... I love oranges... They’re even more delicious this way.
That’s an unusual way of eating one...
Ever since I was little... I’ve had a habit of eating like this... Hack,
She seems to have accidentally inhaled with too much force.
Water...
Here’s some tea, Chisato.
Huh? How did you...?
I brought it hidden in a zip-lock bag. Sweet things go well with tea, after all.
Glug, glug...
And I also have some salty pickles for a palate cleanser.
Munch, munch...
Now your hands are dirty, so here’s some tissue to wipe them off.
Scrub, scrub...
Just to be safe from cavities, I also brought toothpaste.
You’re doing... everything for me...
I had prepared a complete set of everything she might need to eat something sweet.
Could it be... that I...?
My sister said that rubbing your back when you cough makes you feel better.
I... I’m...
There, there.
Am I... being...
Her back is so thin, I can feel her bones against my hand.
What would you like me to do next?
Eheh, eheh, eheh...
I feel... energized now... I might be able... to do my best...
That’s great.
She holds a pencil in her left hand and begins to write on a paper.
Sckk, sckk... Mmm... real sweet...!
As she writes, she eats the zoo-zoo, savoring it bit by bit.
This is the first time... I’ve had something sweet... since coming here.
She stares at the orange as if it is a precious treasure.
You didn’t eat the orange they gave us yesterday?
Chisato’s mouth is covered in juice from the orange.
Haha...
She laughs in embarrassment, unaware of the mess around her mouth.
(END)
I sometimes have dreams.
Such disgusting skin...! Just looking at those repulsive scars makes me sick...!
A dream from childhood.
Don’t look at me with that face...! You’re foul! Cursed!
Something I should have forgotten long ago resurfaces from the depths of my memories.
Those eyes! Stop looking at me with those eyes! Go away, get out of here...!
With the arrival of night, nightmares come as well.
The sound of an explosion can be heard from somewhere.
I wake up from my own scream.
Sweat drips from my forehead, the drops scattering on the dirty ground.
Haa... haaa... ha...
And then, I silently embrace myself.
After coming out from underground and showering with seawater, we are able to enter the second bath.
For coal miners, it is a blissful time, an irreplaceable reprieve.
Normally, I would be glaring at the cruel timer over the guard’s head.
I’m getting out.
Hey, it’s still a yellow light. Are you sure you’re good?
Yes, I’m clean now.
Now, even the time I spend bathing feels like a waste.
For Chisato’s sake, I am willing to do anything.
If she needs information, I will gather it without hesitation.
If sweets improve her efficiency, I will hide them in my anus and bring them to her.
If necessary, I will even lick her shoes.
I am her friend.
Isn’t that slavery, not friendship...?
We’re friends.
It was written in the moral education textbook, so there is no mistake.
Oh, it’s... Exhibiti...man.
Today, Chisato is waiting for me in our usual blind spot.
Since we’re friends, I think we should call each other by our names instead of nicknames.
Name?
You’re not supposed to call friends by strange names. It’s even in the textbook.
Minato.
Mi...nato.
Mi-na-to.
Mina...to...
It feels like teaching a child their name, I think to myself.
Exhibitiman...
It seems it’s easier for her to say this instead.
I don’t have... time for that... right now.
She seems to be preoccupied with something.
You don’t have time to learn to say my name...?
She is continuing to work on the script today.
Fuck...
Chisato’s thoughts appear to be written all over her face.
My pencil... broke again... What the hell...? What the hell, seriously...
The pencils here snap pretty easily.
Real crunchy...!
She has such a distinctive vocabulary.
What’s wrong?
I can’t write... this everyday scene... well...
Which scene?
Well, you know... the protagonist, who is still a bad person, trains with Mating Press Man and gains his wind PESP... and can do whatever he wants with women, right?
Yeah.
The protagonist, fond of panty shots, gains the perverse power of wind so that he can make them happen whenever he wants.
As a natural-born fuckboy, he plans to conquer the women in the city.
A-And then... Mating Press Man tries to rape the protag’s mother...
Using his power, the protagonist repels him and realizes that even the people he only saw as sexual objects have families, and through that, he learns the importance of love.
So he becomes a fuckboy of justice, resolving to defeat the evil PESPers that have taken route in the city.
And then, he realizes that the only person who was ever kind to him, his school’s idol, was actually the daughter of Mating Press Man, his old master he had defeated.
She goes after him, trying to avenge her father... but they gradually become friends.
Since he had never had a friend before, he finds himself met with a peaceful life.
From there, he ends up entering the world of combat.
I’m having a... lot of trouble with the slice-of-life scenes before that.
You should be able to write it if you eat something sweet.
Shit...
She is extra sulky today.
Well, I’ve never been out... in the city anyway...
You’ve never been out in the city...?!
Uh... yeah...
I have no idea why she is so irritated.
......
Come to think of it, my sister said the same thing before.
Creators are generally difficult to communicate with because they’re so temperamental.
I heard this from an important person I know, you know?
Mhmm.
They’re not even human, apparently.
Not... human?
They work based on their mood, so you absolutely have to get on their good side.
Work... based on their mood?
They don’t have any of the common sense that regular working adults should have like finishing work by the deadline.
No... common sense?
Apparently every last one of them will go on and on about how creative work is beyond ordinary people and requires some magic
Dicky-zilch...?
Because it’s like taking care of a baby, you have to pamper and spoil them to the extreme, otherwise they won’t be able to do any decent work.
......!
According to my sister, people who create things are usually irritable during their work.
And in the end, they’re creatures who shift blame onto others and can’t take responsibility for their failure.
......
Maybe Chisato, being a genius creator, might have that side to her as well.
Chisato.
Yahh...
Do you know... what common sense is?
Fuck, shit...!
She seems really annoyed.
Being a creator is... difficult.
And also troublesome, I am astonished to learn.
Ugh, it broke again...
It’s the producer’s job to keep her happy and on task.
Pe-Pencil...
Yes?
This pencil... is no good...
I see.
All... All of this... is the pencil’s fault...
Right.
Moments like this are why I’m here.
Huh...?
I swore to remove any obstacles that stand in your way.
That’s why.
I will bring you a replacement pencil—a pencil that will never break.
Um, well...
A good workman needs good tools.
Ah, uh...
This pencil is not suitable for someone with your talent.
That’s not... what I meant...
And when I look closely, it’s an ugly pencil.
It’s not... like that...
I’m getting angry thinking that this pencil has hindered you.
Why...?
Eep...?!
Be gone, ordinary pencil...!
How dare you make my friend suffer.
Don’t... break... it...
Don’t worry, Chisato.
Huh...?
I will definitely get my hands on the ultimate pencil for you.
In the prison, the only regulation currency for making purchases is “fuxx,” which is distributed through the labor incentive program.
It is said that this system was created with the excess budget due to coal being able to supplement the prison’s electricity supply.
However, in reality, it is limited to purchasing only essential items that would typically be provided for free.
As a result, I’m told that the system has become largely symbolic and transactions are carried out in a haphazard manner.
With this fuxx, I can purchase pencils, so I write down my request to purchase a list of pencils ranging from H to 2B, in order, on a form and submit it.
You can’t purchase these pencils.
Sofurin comes to my cell to tell me this.
Why not?
......
......
Because!
She refuses me in a very strong voice.
I don’t understand it either... The request form has the prison stamp on it...
What’s the prison stamp?
It’s the official seal that’s always stamped on the back. You’ve seen it before, right? Without it, you can’t prove that a given document was issued by the prison.
Come to think of it, Ozawa said the same thing.
Apparently, the seal is necessary to detect any fraudulent copies, and without it, even paperwork becomes powerless.
And you don’t seem to have any previous convictions related to pencils, Number 0720...
At Tulip Prison, things related to a prisoner’s perversion cannot be purchased.
It’s the same as drug addicts not being able to buy books on drugs in other prisons.
Have you ever engaged in any perverted behavior involving pencils in the past?
No, I haven’t.
Have you ever been aroused by inserting a pencil into your urethra or associating the act of sharpening a pencil with stirring lotion?
No, I haven’t.
Don’t lie! You must have at least stimulated your prostate with the eraser part of a pencil borrowed from a female friend and implanted trauma in a little girl’s heart.
As for friends... I didn’t have any.
......
......
Outstanding!
I’m being completely honest.
In the past, some prisoners even created toys called ‘Pensugan’ by whittling sexual positions and their effects onto pencils, which they would then roll to compete. It really blew up at the time.
And yet, why can’t I buy pencils?
Maybe you’re being watched closely because you were creating a game with a similar connotation. So that’s why your purchase isn’t going through. This time... I guess you’ll have to give up.
I convey the message to Chisato.
Big sorry, bro.
Oh, uh...
I promised to get you what you need, but look how it’s turned out.
Um, well...
As an apology, I’ll get naked.
No... thanks.
Crossing my arms, I ponder.
I’m... being cherished after all...
I wonder, how can I get one...?
I’m happy... to be cherished... It makes me... want to work hard.
But I will definitely obtain a pencil so sturdy it will never break.
But this... feels different...
Because if a friend needs it, I would even kill my parents and give it to them.
Even if I can’t buy it with fuxx, there must be a way if I look for it.
Finding a solution is my job.
Um... I said... m-mean things... when I was upset...
The pencil I have, is fine...
No matter what happens, I will get the best one.
I will definitely get it...!
You never... listen... to me...
Chisato is deeply moved by my determination.
Ahh... He is always... so serious...
For her sake, I decide to get the pencil immediately.
It seems like there’s a special prohibition against 
But if someone else were to buy one for me, it would still be considered an “Illicit Exchange.”
The prison keeps records of all transactions made within their system, so the purchase would quickly be discovered.
Some things you can slip through with a letter, like how my sister sent me money, but it’s impossible with something as hard as a pencil.
Normally, you can buy a whole pack of pencils off the rack at a store for pocket change.
But that’s on the outside. In prison, nothing is ever that easy.
To the unfortunate miners who have died in accidents... salute!
The elevator to enter the coal mine has a capacity of eighty-one people.
Therefore, the prisoners have to wait in teams for their turn.
To pass the time, there are bookshelves near the elevator where they can read materials about coal and other related topics.
Hmm......
It seems that coal and graphite, which is the raw material for pencil lead, are actually different substances.
Coal is a combustible rock formed from plant matter under the pressure and heat of the earth, while graphite is an elemental mineral, pure carbon in hexagonal plate-shaped crystals.
Huh......?
Hey! I’ll explain it to you, so listen carefully...
Since I don’t really understand it, I ask a knowledgeable prisoner.
Look at it sparkling in seven different colors, a point-seven carat shamelessly flashy accessory...
Pi-Pi Wang can only climax with a vibrator made of diamonds due to her excessive vaginal pressure. She is a notorious criminal who robbed a string of art galleries using her genitalia.
So she is very knowledgeable about carbon.
Graphite is not actually lead, it’s just a different crystal structure, but it’s really the same carbon.
If you enclose coal in airtight conditions and heat it to around 3000 degrees, it turns into this graphite.
So, it’s possible to make it from coal, but the prison doesn’t have the facilities for that... right?
What’s a guy as smart as you doing being a nudist?
I decide to research the missing knowledge in the library.
If you want to know about the prison facilities, I think these books over here are a good beginner’s introduction.
All right, thank you very much.
By the way, a ‘beginner’s introduction’ does
All right, thank you very much.
It seems that there used to be graphite mines in Japan, but they no longer exist.
And graphite is not on the list of things that can be mined here in Tulip Prison.
It might be possible to mine it, but I don’t know how to identify it either.
The coal that is mined in the tunnels beneath Tulip Prison is called “bituminous coal.”
It is very high quality with low ash and sulfur content.
This is Tulip Prison, the national dumping ground for sickos.
......
Even pencils are hard to come by.
All we have are coal, prison-made goods, meager meals, and our sentences.
The paper room, the leather room, the coal mines, and the kitchen...
That’s not a list of complaints.
It’s a list of 
Right after finishing my prison labor in the mine, I head to Mr. Kugitani’s place.
I heard. You were denied the purchase of pencils?
You’re quick.
I’m an old hand. It’s also related to my job. In prison, information is everything.
This smuggler doesn’t sell things that can be bought.
Therefore, I can’t buy pencils from him.
What about pencil leads?
No can do. You could write with those.
So, I ask him to procure something else.
Graphite?
Yeah, it’s not on the prohibited items list, right?
Hydrogen, helium, lithium, beryllium, boron, carbon...
Mr. Kugitani counts on his fingers as he rolls the words in his mouth.
Ahh...
And then, he grins.
Sure, that’s okay.
Thank you.
We shake hands.
I grin back at him.
Tonight, I’ll be participating in a confession.
It’s a change of pace, a change of pace. Even if it’s a sermon, it’s better than being stuck in that hole!
It’s because I was invited by my coworkers from Bear Team.
Somehow, I suddenly became interested... In my whole life, the only conversation I’ve had with a woman is ‘change,’ so I thought it might be good to actually listen to one...
Hehe, besides, Sister Julia has nice tits, so I’m going to worship them...!
It seems that many miners are also participating.
Today’s sermon topic is written on the sign stand.
Hmm......
The chapel remains unchanged from before.
It’s like a miniature church, compressed to fit in a smaller space.
It feels like I’m being sucked in. It’s kind of creepy.
Good evening, lost lambs, and welcome. I am Julia Agatsuma, Department of Correctional Treatment Planning Division captain and deputy warden of the Sex Crimes Ward.
In spite of that rather grandiose title, in here, there need be no prisoners or prison guards. So please, call me Sister Julia, okay?
Now, today I would like to talk about the simply
Perhaps you’re worried that this will be difficult? It’s all right, we missionaries have spread our teachings to various countries, continuing our evangelism in the language of each country.
Therefore, it is the duty of a sister to translate and convey these words in a way that is easy to understand for the lost lambs gathered here.
By ‘vibing’ with our Bible, the Book of Bonk, just as you always carry it with you, may you reach post-rapture clarity in the Millennial Dick-down to come... Can I get an ‘Amen?’
Sister Julia is so easy to understand...!
Yeah, she speaks a language that makes sense to us sickos...!
Now, in this way the seed has been shot. No one can violate the sacred land of Erosalem. Since it cannot be violated, it means nothing can be achieved...
I want to go back quickly and make my preparations.
But I’m stuck here for the moment.
Oh...? Is something the matter?
She has now turned to me.
When I take a closer look, you seem really troubled...! My, my, it seems like you have a deep worry on your mind, don’t you?
Not really.
It’s all right! The children here are all lost lambs, and it’s the duty of a nun to guide them according to God’s will.
I’m not troubled.
Well then, why don’t you come to the confessional room? Let’s remove that anxiety and help you with your rehabilitation...
Half-forced, I enter a small box.
There is a large partition, and only her mouth can be seen.
It’s difficult when you think you’re talking to a prison guard, right? That’s why we have set up this partition.
It feels like a visitation room.
Oh, do you have many opportunities for visitations?
No one has ever come.
Oh, is that so? Hehehe...
It is unclear what’s so amusing, but Sister Julia laughs.
Is there something you want to talk to me, a sister, about?
Not particularly.
Anything is fine. Whatever you’re feeling anxious about, whatever you’re curious about, no matter how trivial... because the Lord is always watching over you, you know?
According to Mr. Kugitani, this captain is the one to be most careful of.
I don’t know what exactly is dangerous about her.
I’m trying to figure out what he meant, but I don’t feel any danger.
Is there a priest here?
Oh, yes, there is.
Is that so?
Yes, he’s called
She laughs loudly this time, finding something amusing.
No matter what kind of priest he is, I have no questions to ask him.
Then she speaks to me.
I am deeply concerned about inmates like you who have no one to believe in and simply wander like pitiful puppae... that is,
Someone must impart the righteous path to you.
Do you mean God?
Yes, our God will always guide you.
If you’re the one giving me his messages, wouldn’t I end up just being guided by you?
That’s not the case. I am merely
It’s hard to describe the feeling, but there’s a disconcerting rhythm in the way she speaks—like she’s doing a dance where I don’t know the steps.
Do you believe in the existence of God?
I don’t know.
Certainly, the day will come when you will know your own master.
Is that so?
Those who devote themselves will surely be saved.
If God really exists, can’t He take full responsibility?
Then, for the first time, you will be able to become a pipitamimi.
Then that means I’m not a criminal.
Hehehehe!
Sister Julia bursts into laughter.
You have many thoughts, don’t you? Such a disposition is
But denying the Lord leads to unhappiness and distances one from rehabilitation...
I can’t stand to see such behavior.
She reaches out from the small box as if to say, “Please take this.”
Placed on a small stand is a brand-new Bible.
Then, she whispers in a strangely lingering voice.
May the Lord guide you... 
(END)
