The two long weeks finally come to an end.
Your punishment is over. Join the others for dinner and return to prison work starting tomorrow.
As Sofurin greets me upon my release, her face has a look of pity.
You have been sent to solitary for a second time, and you have been judged as an inferior prisoner once again. Starting tomorrow, you will be under rotating surveillance, so be prepared for that.
Well, for now... wash your face. It’s a mess...
My face is covered in mud and dirt and stained with dried blood.
My teeth and jaw joints are also grinding.
Probably because I spent two weeks biting on a gag.
If you don’t have an appetite, you can go back to your cell first... Rest well today.
But I don’t intend to do that.
It is already past five-thirty.
There is still some time left in the evening break.
I immediately head towards the library.
......
As I expected, she is there as usual.
She is reading a book with a melancholic expression.
Returning to normalcy after this long makes me really happy.
Chisato.
......
Mina...to...?
When I speak to her, she stands up and slowly turns around.
When... When did...?
Just now, I was released.
I... I see... Are you... okay?
I’m fine... I’m feeling very well.
She lets out a sigh and seems relieved.
Did anything happen?
I sit in my usual seat at the front.
But Chisato doesn’t sit down.
Um, yeah... Nothing...
I see. That’s good then.
......
She keeps brushing her bangs nervously.
It seems like they still suspect I had an accomplice.
They said that just making contact with suspicious people would get you put in solitary.
Is that... so...
Then... I won’t... come here anymore... okay?
I feel as if a bright, warm flame that’s been beside me all this time...
...is trying to quietly slip away from me.
It’s true that I was banned from creative activities...
Starting tomorrow, I’ll have guards watching me, so we won’t be able to write like this anymore.
But there’s a way. We can get out of here.
......
You were put in this facility for self-defense and being falsely accused.
If we can prove that, your life sentence will surely be revoked... That’s what I believe.
Let’s find a way to do it.
There’s nothing we can’t do if we set our minds to it.
......
They only confiscated the second half of our manuscript. The first half is still intact.
So let’s get out of here and finally complete that story.
If we do that... everything is ours.
I can’t bear to let that something slip away, so I put a heat of my own in my words.
But she just smiles quietly.
I can’t... I can’t leave... to the outside.
She shakes her head quietly.
Even if I file for a retrial... it will just be... crushed. Prisoners can’t do anything... if they’re told they... can’t do it.
Then let’s escape together.
Hehe... Anyway... we can’t... There’s no one who... has ever escaped... from here, you know?
She laughs at my absurd suggestion.
What if we went out that old mine tunnel?
My body... would get squashed... flat.
You just have to train a lot.
You’re so... dependable...
She smiles gently.
But... I can’t survive in... the outside world...
Just by being alive... I’ll end up... causing trouble to... someone.
That’s not true.
I don’t have... a place anywhere else... but here.
How do you know that?
I just... hm... know it...
That story... I can’t... complete it.
The fire is slowly leaving me.
My body temperature drops as everything disappears into the distance.
I can’t write a... happy ending... after all...
Because... I can’t believe... in happy endings.
Underground... I have to suppress my emotions... to survive.
But... when I’m... with you, Minato... I can’t help but think... only about you.
Your face keeps... appearing in my mind... I can’t kill... my emotions effectively.
Even though you... will eventually leave, Minato... I won’t be able to... live alone... by myself.
When I’m... with you, I... break.
I want to cling to her, to stop her.
But my mouth won’t open properly.
I knew that, but still... when you... that time, I was happy.
When I asked if it was okay to end up in a... worse place... and you said it was.
I was... really... really happy.
Maybe even in the underground... even in the depths of hell... we could be together, I thought.
That was my intention.
I would have stayed by your side for ten years, or twenty.
But... I can’t... do that...
However, she rejects that idea.
I, your elder... can’t make you... unhappy...
Because she’s afraid of seeing me suffer in the underground.
That’s why... reality always has... a bitter ending.
She smiles.
You can use... what’s left of the story... however you want... It’s okay.
But she looks very sad.
I don’t want to see that kind of smile on her face.
I’ll cherish the pencil case... and pencils...
But still, the words won’t come out.
There should be so much I want to say.
Mina...to...
Chisato hides behind the bangs that she always touches.
From now on, please...
With her right eye, she reveals herself.
Please... keep safe.
She completely ends our relationship.
(END)
Since then, I’ve started hanging out in the library.
I always take a seat in the blind spot, directly in front of where she used to sit.
It feels as if her scent is lingering in the air.
......
But she doesn’t come back here. Not even once.
Chisato...? I’ve never heard of that prisoner coming here before. There’s no record of them borrowing any books... Who are you talking about?
No one in this facility knows about Chisato.
It is as if she were a ghost.
Hey, Shuichiro... You shouldn’t stick around here too long, you know? You’re attracting too much attention...
What I have in my hand is a privately published book about the island where the facility is located.
This place used to be a coal mine.
It was called Minato-jima, or “Harbor Island,” because ships could dock from anywhere.
A huge company bought up what was then a mere rocky islet and turned it into a coal mine by filling it in.
Namori... that conglomerate, right? They used to build huge battleships. Now they’re into clean energy made from algae or something...
While it was a coal mine, various commercial facilities were built underground.
A department store, a movie theater, a swimming pool, a bowling alley, a club... and even a pachinko parlor.
One-third of the entertainment-starved miners’ wages disappeared into that pachinko parlor.
I get it since I used to play slots all the time on the outside. People can’t resist the temptation of gambling, you know.
......
There is no mention of any underground facilities being used for punishment.
I’ve read several books, but the island only had one small detention center, and that apparently didn’t even have locks.
A ward deeper than the coal mine...? That’s just a rumor, right?
Even the guards who work in the prison seem to know nothing about it.
May I ask if you know anything about the Damned Ward?
What?! Ass-kissing backward?!
You don’t know about the Damned Ward?!
What?!
Huh?
I’ve said it before, but what I know about the Damned Ward is just rumors. I don’t sell information that isn’t confirmed. So this one’s on the house.
The information broker knows the facility inside out, but even he emphasizes that this is hearsay.
Just like a coal mine, the underground is incredibly humid, and no sunlight reaches there at all. It’s damp and only filled with rotten air.
Maybe it’s because of that, or maybe it’s something supernatural... bad juju. Once you enter, your body is the first thing to deteriorate. And then your mind.
And in the end?
Well... you become a vegetable. It only takes a month, and after that, you just rot away.
The term “vegetable” sticks in my mind.
In the underground ward I stumbled into, there were indeed people who could be called vegetables confined there.
It didn’t seem like an environment suitable for humans to live in. I can understand what he means.
Maybe it’s a disease unique to the underground. Or perhaps it’s a curse. It’s an inherent part of the facility, after all. In the literal sense, of course.
That sounds pretty vague.
Well, of course it is. Don’t you think? Because no one who’s been branded as ‘damned’ in this prison has ever returned to the surface.
Except for your sweetie.
Except for Chisato, no one who was thrown into the Damned Ward has ever been seen again.
That’s why the ward is considered a legend.
Yes, a legend. No one has actually seen it with their own eyes. In that sense... you might be the one who knows the most about it, huh?
......
Chisato lives underground but hasn’t become a vegetable.
Why is she the only exception?
Why is such a terrible thing being kept hidden?
Hey now, you mean in this facility? There were never any human rights here to begin with.
When we first reached the island, Yamagishi and the others said it.
That there are no human rights for prisoners here.
But this is a matter of life and death. They’re going too far, I think to myself.
If the underground prisoners cannot make contact with anyone, then the outside world will never know. In the end, they’ll, die and that’ll be the end of it.
All the secrets stay inside the walls... It’s cruel, isn’t it?
If they die, there won’t be any secrets left to tell.
I remember that Chisato always tried not to make contact with anyone on the surface.
She initially tried to keep me away from her.
And as an exception living in the Damned Ward, maybe she was ordered to do so.
It’s truly... cruel.
That’s how Tulip Prison is.
They’re good at what they do. Warden Mizushiro’s public face is as an acclaimed educator and researcher. Her achievements are famous, and she’s a household name in the legal world.
At the same time, she possesses the cunning to use bribery.
She pours secret funds into the judiciary, the prosecution, and politics to create the world she desires—to make this insane prison a reality.
There’s no shortage of funds for that in the prison. It’s a good idea. If I had money, I would make smoking allowed in all of Japan. With a glass of beer, of course. It’s the perfect combination.
There is a coal mine under Tulip Prison.
The endless profits it generates are used to keep the prison running.
However absurd the costs may get, whatever they need, the earth provides.
I’m not being metaphorical here. This place is literally beyond the reach of the law.
I feel like I’ve caught a glimpse of a great darkness.
Something like an uncontrollable, enormous surge created by adults that I thought were unrelated to me.
It is an irresistible, muddy current.
Sorry to sound like your grandma, kid, but I’ve gotta give you a warning. Cool your jets, and stop sniffing around so much about Yugao and the prison.
The Chief calls for me and gives this warning.
No one knows anything about Chisato... It’s unnatural.
Seems like it.
You remember, right, Chief? You know she exists?
Yeah. She was our former teammate, on Team 69.
Only the Chief and Kurebayashi know about her.
This whole thing seems suspicious... And if the Calabash Bitch is involved, then it’s not something you can handle, kid.
Even I can tell that she means this warning as a kindness.
Give up on chasing her. There are plenty of other women out there, aren’t there? What about her...? Hey, what was her name again?
The nursery worker arrested for shoving a baby bottle into her boss’s mouth? The woman who stole over a thousand bike saddles? The woman who vacuum-packed her victims...?
They’re all criminals.
Funny, you’re a criminal too. Perfect match, right?
She raises both hands to show that she’s joking and lets out a sad sigh.
Let me look into this one. I’m worried about Darlin’ Darkness too, and I’m not gonna let it end like this.
In that case...
I’m worried about |you| just as much, kid.
As much as I appreciate her advice, I’m going to have to ignore it.
You’re not gonna get her up here under the sun with you... So you forget about that as quick as you can.
I don’t think I’ll ever forget about Chisato.
Chisato’s past doesn’t matter—is what I’ve always thought.
But now that there’s a distance between us...
...I want to know more about her.
The library stores back issues of newspapers.
But only model inmates—so-called first-class prisoners—are allowed to read them.
Inferior prisoners like me, who have been thrown into solitary twice, have no right to read them.
I need to find some way to take action.
...This sucks.
Damn Calabash Bitch... going on and on about the same thing for hours... is she on her period or something...?
‘One more stunt like that and you’re getting demoted’...? Like you even have the authority... Stupid old hag...
Ugh... I don’t feel like leaving my room... But I need to get my medication... Haaa...
Hm... What’s going on? Why is there a crowd? Are merchants here or something?
Oh, Sofiya! It seems like Ms. Higata’s friend is doing nails, so we’re all getting them done together!
Oh... I see.
Next, please! Do you have any preferences for decoration?
Um, something simple, because I have to do my job...
But if you have anything that could cheer me up...?
Then how about coral pink? It suits your yellow base.
......
Did she just insult me...?
All right, I’ll dry it now. Here we go...
Hehe, the timing couldn’t be better. Getting my nails done makes going outside more fu—ow-ow-ow?
W-What...?! My nails feel like they’re cracking... Ow!
Oh dear... Sometimes, if you’re not feeling well or lacking nutrients, your nails can become damaged.
Miss... have you been experiencing excessive stress lately?
Captain Shikolenko...
When I address her, Sofiya gives me a blatantly displeased look.
Go away. Don’t come near me.
I have something I’d like to ask you, Captain Shikolenko.
Nothing good ever comes from getting involved with you... Do you know how many times I’ve been called in by Captain Yugao in the past few months?
Big please, bro.
Enough! Stop it!
Please lend me a hand.
I just got my nails done!
Is it okay to just leave the darkness of this prison as it is?
Sofurin’s body freezes in place.
If we can be confined here without any legal restraints... then this place is no different from a concentration camp.
It seems like she has heard a little bit about the rumors of the underground.
That’s... just a rumor. There’s no way something like the Damned Ward exists.
I’ve seen it with my own eyes.
What a sicko like you says is...
Is it really okay, Captain Shikolenko? To let a place like Tulip Prison continue to exist?
......
Fine, but just this once... I’ll lend you a hand today. Starting tomorrow, it’s back to being prisoner and guard.
Thanks to Sofurin opening the locked book storage room for me, I can finally get to the newspapers.
I’m not familiar with the way they’re laid out, so it takes me unduly long to find what I’m looking for.
Why is there discrimination even among prisoners? They’re all criminals, aren’t they?
I wonder why.
Finally, I spot a write-up of my case in small print in the corner of a local newspaper.
EXHIBITIONIST CAUGHT AFTER NAKED CHASE! PERP’S CHESTNUTS ROASTED NOW—ONE OFFICER WOUNDED.
HIDE YOUR CHIMNEYS! RASCALLY SANTA FLASHES HIS CHRISTMAS HAM; DID HE LEAVE HIS CLOTHES IN THE SLEIGH?
NATURIST RUINS NATIVITY! AN ARREST ON THE HOLY NIGHT; AMID MERRY BELLS, ONE MAN’S MERRY BELLEND!
NO ANGEL ATOP THIS CHRISTMAS TREE! WHERE’S THE NUTCRACKER WHEN YOU NEED HIM?!
Every piece of coverage is along the same lines.
Maybe if we just abandon civilization and went back to the stone age, just hunting and farming, everyone would be happy...
That might be a good idea.
Maybe the purest beings are children who know nothing... Maybe we should try letting |them| run the country...?
I finally find the coverage of Chisato’s case, which received a little more attention.
The date is from ten years ago.
The headline reads in bold Gothic font, “CHILD FROM CARE FACILITY BUILDS BOMB IN PRESSURE COOKER, TWO DEAD.”
It seems to have been handmade device that anyone with the know-how could create, using black gunpowder and metal fragments in a small pressure cooker.
The metal fragments were pieces of a disassembled bicycle chain.
It was triggered by a fuse and wire, not a kitchen timer like a terrorist would have used at the time.
The explosion inside the pressure cooker spiked straight past its tolerance, blowing through the casing and sending out a shockwave along with flames and shrapnel.
As a result, two women who worked at the facility died.
There was another suspicious death around her, and they were investigating other crimes...
......
When this type of news was being widely reported on TV, it seems it was handled very sensationally.
The culprit’s name was not given.
It was only mentioned that she was seriously injured in the explosion.
The victims were members of an organization called “Support Group for Blessed Children”—meaning that the children they cared for were blessed.
Therefore, the girl who caused this incident was called the “cursed child.”
......
Her case drew attention from the public.
Mainstream opinion saw her as evil and insane.
Her father’s death was probably just an extra charge slapped on by the prosecution to extend her sentence.
In other words, a false accusation.
......
I’ll find out what happened to them.
If I could use the internet, maybe I could find their website, but in here?
If it’s that non-profit... weren’t they all arrested a long time ago?
I search for the newspaper with the date that Sofurin just mentioned.
There, I find a report that the organization in question was indicted for illegally soliciting funds and abusing the children.
Are the ones who did it here in this prison?
There’s no way they would be. This is a facility for sex criminals.
Tulip Prison only houses those involved in sex crimes.
Enough already... We’re about to be caught by the librarian. Let’s go...! I don’t want to be demoted...!
There are no more ways to investigate the case further.
And I don’t have any more leads to learn about her either.
In the dark cell, I realize that I am all alone.
What are you talking about...? I’m here, aren’t I, Shuichiro?
Ah, right... You’re here too, Amatsu.
I collapse onto the bed, holding my head.
At that moment, a shadow looms over me.
Get out, Number 0720.
Says Officer Yamagishi even though it’s almost lights-out.
Auntie—I mean, |Warden| Mizushiro is calling for you. Hurry up.
This room I’m now visiting for the third time is a well-organized and fancy place.
A pair of handcuffs clicks shut around my wrists.
......
I’ve been ordered to stand still in front of a luxurious-looking desk.
Some pads are attached to my body, and cables stretch out from there.
I apologize for calling you outside of hours. Were you already asleep?
It’s okay.
That’s good. I called you here because I have a warning for you, young Shuichiro.
A personal warning from Warden Mizushiro.
I hadn’t thought she was the type to take such direct action.
When you’re investigating, be careful... No matter how well you hide, there are eyes everywhere.
......
I momentarily hold my breath.
There’s no need to be so surprised. This is my domain. Information comes from everywhere.
And the same goes for Captain Yugao, who controls the SST... Do you understand what I am saying?
Yes: “Don’t do anything Yugao will notice.”
What I don’t understand is why the Warden would say that.
I can lock you up in solitary confinement, where you won’t see the sunlight for the rest of your life.
If you wish, I can put you somewhere even |more| terrifying...
You mean the Damned Ward?
This time, Warden Mizushiro hesitates for a moment.
Then please tell me.
None of it matters from my point of view.
What exactly is the Damned Ward?
Simply put, it’s a cradle for a world headed towards righteousness.
I don’t understand at all.
Anyway, avoid unnecessary actions. It will only cause more trouble.
Are you willing to let Captain Yugao take over the prison?
She intends to rule the facility... That’s the rumor, at least.
She’s looking for a way to control the prisoners. The moment she finds it...
I don’t mind.
To govern a large organization, one must possess the appropriate power. Without the innate ability to manipulate that overwhelming power and avoid being consumed by it, it is impossible.
The warden doesn’t seem to be bluffing.
I don’t expect much. Whether they intend to line their own pockets or spread their own doctrine...
As long as they possess the qualities to carry on my will, that’s all that matters.
That is the necessary attribute for the prison’s successor... Am I wrong, young Shuichiro?
Warden Mizushiro says that she is discerning the talent to succeed her here.
She is looking at power and ability.
As long as they have the ability... it doesn’t matter what they do.
That’s why I won’t interfere. Unfortunately, I cannot save your lover from the underground.
Tulip Prison is a dirty paradise of hidden funds created by infinite wealth.
This person is the one who made it so.
I apologize, Warden Mizushiro.
There’s no point in talking anymore.
I head towards the entrance where Officer Yamagishi awaits.
I wouldn’t mind even if it were |you|, Shuichiro Minato.
......
Phew...
Oh, it’s you. When did you arrive?
I spoke with that boy—perhaps a little |too| much. But if you say there’s no need to fear him leaking information, then I trust your assurances.
Truly, his adolescent vigor is impressive. Yes, we certainly had it too... that deeply burning passion.
And during our conversation, his heart rate hardly changed. Neither did his perspiration. He’s an interesting child... No...
I’ve said it before, but I have no intention of assisting you. I must determine whether Captain Yugao can succeed me.
And this time it is a very interesting case. It wouldn’t hurt to observe to create a new thesis.
I will watch to see what kind of actions you will take next, young Shuichiro.
(END)
Anyone who was in solitary is supposed to undergo a medical examination upon release.
I wait my turn and finally arrive at the medical ward.
Hey! It’s been a while, hasn’t it?
Dr. Higuchi looks exactly the same as always.
Looks like you’ve been through something, huh?
Yeah.
One of my eyes is completely red.
Is it sick?
There’s a possibility of subarachnoid hemorrhage or something dangerous, but someone must have hit you, right? Like Natsumi over there.
I got punched.
Being bloodshot doesn’t mean it’s bleeding. The former can sometimes happen spontaneously, even without any obvious cause.
But usually it’s because someone gave you a whack. Once a long time ago, a kabuki actor had a press conference in that condition... but I guess a young man like you wouldn’t know about that!
When it’s a three-hundred-sixty-degree hemorrhage, everything except the iris turns red like that. It’ll heal soon, you’re young!
......
I look at myself in the mirror.
My red eye reminds me of her.
If an eye is red and bloodshot, does that mean it’s sick?
Huh? It’s hard to say. If it’s completely red and feels like a foreign object is stuck in it, it could be keratitis or something... Since I’m not a specialist, it’s better to go to the hospital either way.
What about when the colored part is red?
If it’s the cornea... maybe hereditary achromia?
Hereditary achromia?
It’s when someone is born with red eyes, commonly known as albinism. There’s no pigment in the iris, so it only looks red due to how it reflects light, but... How’s this person’s vision?
I didn’t ask.
Without pigment, it’s hard to adjust the amount of light that comes into the eye, so I heard that people with albinism often have weak vision.
But her left eye was completely black.
Ah, odd-eyed albinos are also extremely rare... like one in a hundred million...?
With a total population of about eight and a half billion, it wouldn’t be strange if there were eighty-five people in the whole world, I suppose?
One of those people happens to be someone close by.
It’s a very plausible explanation.
She said she can see better in the dark, I believe.
Huh, in the dark?
When you shine a light on it, it glows.
That’s just like a cat...!
Dr. Higuchi opens her long, cat-like eyes unusually wide.
Cats can see in the dark, and their eyes glow when light is shined on them, because they have a reflective layer called the tapetum behind the retina.
It’s very rare, but there’s been at least one case in another country of a boy who had eyes like that.
I think that boy was an albino. Um, I don’t remember for sure... but his eye color was blue, maybe?
This odd-eye condition also happens when the melanin pigment that creates eye color is insufficient in one eye.
However, apparently eye damage caused by illness or accidents can also lead to an acquired odd-eye condition.
The color of her eye changed due to severe violence.
This also seems like a very plausible story.
......
Chisato’s skin is white, but she has black hair.
Don’t albinos have hair colors closer to white or silver?
Also, her red eye seemed different.
The sensation I felt when I made eye contact with her...
Do you know why people are afraid of the dark, Shuichiro?
Dr. Higuchi questions me, suddenly.
Because you mentioned the dark, right? Cats, who should be afraid, aren’t afraid of the dark. They’re wandering around everywhere.
My sister often plays with stray cats outside.
She sounds cute,” says Dr. Higuchi.
So why is that?
Because you don’t know what might come out of the darkness.
......
Well, because you don’t know what’s hiding there or what will happen to you if you go into the darkness, right?
Cats can see well even in the dark.
That’s why they’re not scared.
Humans are creatures that fear the unknown, things they don’t understand.
Because we don’t understand, we experience fear, and it alerts us to danger. It’s a defense mechanism.
Defense mechanisms are no joke. Some people can’t control them, and even act them out aggressively. Well, sometimes.
That’s why humans... well, they always fear things that are different, don’t they?
Dr. Higuchi speaks somberly, adding something to my medical record.
I try to recall my memories with her in detail.
......
But I stop for a moment.
And instead, I ask...
Is there a prisoner named Chisato in this facility?
It won’t shock you to hear that there’s no prisoner by that name in Tulip Prison.
Dr. Higuchi answers without showing any surprise.
There is no girl named Chisato anywhere.
I thought as much.
The girl named Chisato doesn’t exist. She must be a literal ghost.
And... with that being the case, as a doctor, I have to doubt the statement that you met such a girl, Shuichiro.
Was it all just a hallucination, or am I delusional?
That would definitely make all of this a lot easier.
Everything was a fantasy, and the girl I called Chisato never existed.
If I think that way, everything becomes much simpler.
If I follow the Chief’s advice and forget about her, I can go back.
Back to my everyday life before meeting Chisato.
However, I just can’t accept that.
Why not?
Because your face doesn’t look dead at all.
But I guess I can’t think that way.
Normally, people who go into solitary confinement come out with eyes that look rotten. They become obedient lambs, unable to resist anything, right?
But that kind of look is completely absent in you, Shuichiro.
I think your face is the face of someone who hasn’t lost hope.
Dr. Higuchi bends her slender waist and peers into my eyes.
Is there... something you’re thinking about?
I have a few regrets.
But right now, I don’t have the luxury to worry about them.
So from now on, I’ll do what I have to do.
That’s all I can do.
I see... Hm! Well then, that’s fine!
Dr. Higuchi takes out a candy from her pocket and flicks it into the air.
I can’t support you in my position, but...
She snatches it back out of the air like a juggler and crosses her arms as she holds out a fist.
...I’m just slightly looking forward to it, Shuichiro.
Today, I receive candy, just like always.
After the examination, I return to my cell.
Even though it’s cold and tattered, I can sleep on a soft futon.
At least it’s better than solitary confinement in the depths of hell.
This is surely more comfortable.
We won’t be able to see her anymore, huh?
I guess not, Amatsu.
Being worried about me, Chisato will never appear in the library again.
Probably...
I wish I could have said to her that I’d stay by her side anyway...
I wanted to tell her that no matter what happened, I would still want to be with her.
But you couldn’t say it.
When I saw her red eye, the words got stuck.
The moment I saw her right eye, which was clouded red, I couldn’t continue my sentence.
It probably wasn’t because of the surprise.
I think it was something less familiar, harder to describe.
But that’s all in the past now. It doesn’t matter. The problem is...
What to do from here.
I raise my upper body on the bed and lift my butt as I speak.
I remove the fasteners and expose my anus.
Hngh...!
A piece of paper comes out from inside.
It is a small scrap of paper where she had been writing her thoughts.
Because I pushed it all the way in, it didn’t come out even with the electric shocks.
It is the memo paper that Chisato had promised to show me when it was finished.
There’s just one thing written on it.
......
Maybe it’s because she wrote it with a hunched back, the handwriting is very distinctive.
It doesn’t have the darkness of before, but rather a gentle character.
She said that when she wanted to organize her thoughts and not lose those overflowing emotions so that she could express them here...
Yeah.
In other words, what she wrote on this is...
«Thank you.»
This is the overflowing emotion that filled up Chisato’s heart and spilled out.
I see...
My spirit was never broken.
Shuichiro.
Yeah.
But this intense impulse...
It seems the time has come for me to show my grit.
I swell with an indescribable passion, surpassing the moment when I first exposed my genitals.
Tonight, I’ve been given a menial task.
Beginning at eight o’clock, I am to organize the storeroom.
I’m not allowed to return to my cell until I’ve finished.
Even though I have come out of solitary, my punishment isn’t over yet.
You always look like you’re so bored. I don’t like that about you.
Officer Yamagishi, my current babysitter, furrows her brow.
Can’t you cheer up a bit? They say fortune comes to those who wear a smile.
I see, so that’s why it doesn’t come to me.
What do you mean?
Not only do I not smile, I don’t like to |wear| anything.
Hahaha! Ahahahaha!
So I stripped, and now I have to wear the charges.
Stop it!
Truly, ‘heavy is the head that wears the clothes.’
What does that mean...?
......
The head...?
Is he talking about his cock...?
I already organized quite a bit before, but it seems like there’s still a mountain of fuxx dead stock.
Perhaps they were anticipating that more prisoners would use it.
I am told to throw away all the cardboard boxes here.
Officer Yamagishi, where should I put the garbage?
Hmmm... zzz...
I notice that Officer Yamagishi is slumped in her chair, fast asleep.
Her face is a mess, but her hands are folded on her knees.
Yamagishi... We need a new captain to take over the prison...
She seems to be having a pleasant dream, so I leave her alone.
......
As I deal with the large amount of fuxx, I think to myself.
It’s such a waste, even though they worked so hard to make them.
Even things that are thrown away should have some use...
Yes...!
Arms too... ah... zzz...
......
It seems she is talking in her sleep.
I should let her go home and get to bed as soon as—
......!
Before I can finish the thought, I am suddenly grabbed from behind.
Rgh...!
I struggle desperately to break free.
But the shock that runs through my whole body causes me to lose consciousness.
When I wake up, I find myself in a creepy space.
There are many strange metal objects that I have never seen before.
The ground is worn and stained with blood.
......
The room is dimly lit by the moonlight, giving it a cold and eerie atmosphere.
Oh, you finally woke up... Quite a late riser, aren’t you?
If I were a bad person... you would have had a terrible experience, boy...
Captain Yugao.
I am tied up to prevent me from moving.
It is more comfortable than being in a straitjacket, but I can’t even budge.
Hmph, not as surprised as I expected. Are you that well-composed or just unbelievably stupid?
......
From the moment I was ordered to organize the storeroom, I had a feeling this would happen.
You managed to deploy the SST in the laundry room.
Beating around the bush isn’t rational.
I thought I had confirmed that no one was there.
So I ask straightforwardly.
Yes, I keep a snoop as a pet. She can conceal her presence, hide in the ceiling, snatch people away, and so on.
......
Snoop... I think that’s a rapper.
It’s probably a metaphor, but I cautiously keep my mouth shut.
This is a special room that I had specially made.
Captain Yugao looks down on me.
No matter how much you scream, no one will hear you... because no one knows where this place is or that it even exists.
If someone were to find out... they might call it a torture room, I suppose?
She continues speaking as if it is completely ordinary.
Now, I am going to excruciate you.
Excruciate.
It is a word I’m not familiar with.
What do you mean?
Like this.
The world in front of me explodes.
My breathing stops and then comes intense pain.
Ugh... Guuuuuh...?!
It feels like needles are running through every blood vessel in my body.
Do you understand your position now? Do you realize what’s going to |happen| to you?
Ngh... Haaa... Haaa...
It takes several seconds before I can breathe properly.
It’s an electric shock.
Something I have never experienced before.
Ugh, ah...
As a result of the electric shock, my body, driven by the desire to live, gets aroused.
......!
Even without being completely naked, I already have an erection.
Captain Yugao says nothing in response.
She just smiles with contempt from the depths of her heart.
Her bad leg is stepping on me.
It is as if she is mocking everything.
An act of humiliation like never before.
Uuuuuuugh...!
Captain Yugao intends to torture me with the shock gun hidden in her cane.
My blood still screams, and I writhe in the remnants of pain.
I don’t understand.
Why do you... hate Chisato so much?
I really have no idea.
Didn’t I tell you before?
Gh... ngh...
Because I find her presence unpleasant.
That sewer rat’s voice, expressions, mannerisms... everything about her makes me feel |nauseous|.
Just seeing her face makes my skin crawl.
People fear what they cannot understand.
They fear things that are different from themselves.
That’s why Captain Yugao fears Chisato.
Such a pitiful creature.
Are you really that scared of Chisato?
I attempt to provoke her.
Oh, I wonder now...
But Captain Yugao doesn’t get angry this time.
Aren’t |you| the one who’s so scared of her, boy?
She says, kicking my shaft with a mischievous look on her face.
Didn’t you feel something... when you first saw that eye?
I reflexively recall her eye.
There’s no way I’d be scared of my lover...
There’s no way that you aren’t. Come on... Look at yourself.
Heh... What’s this? You’re trembling quite a bit there, boy!
My body is trembling.
When I recall her eye, even my schlong starts to twitch uncontrollably.
Hahaha...! Looks like I hit the nail on the head, huh? Was that little girl’s eye really that scary? And here I thought you were her sewer rat boyfriend!
Ngh...
Her eye wasn’t just a normal deformity.
It was more like... a |darkness|.
I couldn’t understand what was dwelling there.
That’s why I got scared.
Yes, it was fear.
That little girl makes everyone feel the same emotions. Discomfort, creepiness, and even physical repulsion.
Not even the man who fell in love with her is an exception...
She’s just the most pathetic thing in the world, isn’t she?
That’s why Number 1310 is cursed... I |told| you, boy.
Prisoner Number 1310.
1-3-10... Chi-sa-to in Japanese numerals.
I never knew that was where her name had come from.
Ah, but in the end... my patience certainly has paid off.
To take away what that little girl truly wants after she got it.
To make her believe it’s eternal and then snatch away that hope.
That way... haha! That’ll do the most damage, don’t you think?
I do think so.
But my, my... I’m amazed you went for her at all. You must be either a freak or a virgin, boy...
To nurture time, to nurture emotions, to nurture feelings.
And then, snatch it all away in an instant.
What did you see in that ugly woman?
It’s the most efficient way to break a person.
How about I kill you?
I think it would be the most helpful thing I could do.
Ughhhhh...!
Her response is electricity and intense pain.
And then, I ejaculate.
I feel like my life is in danger.
Hahaha, weak dogs bark a lot! Even though you should know that you can’t do anything in your current situation!
With genuine delight, Captain Yugao taps her cane.
Semen splatters and lands on my feet.
Could it be that you think you’re not responsible for this?
What?
If you hadn’t been sniffing around me, none of this would have happened.
......!
You didn’t realize? I still hadn’t completely determined that you were that sewer rat’s lover.
I conducted a search of your belongings to gather physical evidence, and even made contact, but I couldn’t be sure.
Even when I mobilized the SST, whether you knew it or not, you skillfully evaded punishment.
But you made a crucial mistake... By carelessly investigating me, the information got out, and you ended up being followed.
In the end, you couldn’t keep your clothes hidden in their usual spot anymore... and instead, everything was taken away from you.
If you had just behaved, you might have been able to stay together without any problems...
Hahaha! The exhibitionist with the intelligence of a dog has ruined everything for himself!
Hrgh...
I can’t find the words to say.
If you hadn’t been sniffing around, maybe you could have been with that girl.
I destroyed my own happiness with Chisato.
But to ruin it yourself... Are prisoners such foolish creatures?
That fact is more painful than any electric shock.
However... well, that kind of initiative might have some use after all.
The more pawns you have, the better... If I train them properly, they might become somewhat useful.
How about you become my slave, boy?
Just die, old hag.
I’m still young.
Haaa... guh...!
I can’t forgive this bitch, I think to myself.
For Chisato’s sake, I can’t let her live, I think once again.
I’ll make you... regret this...
It’s really troublesome, dealing with an idiotic dog who lacks learning ability...
I’ll fucking... inhume you... baby... ngh!
But... I’m the best at training worthless dogs, you know?
Ngh...!
For example, I can make good use of the most important things to a person... See?
She takes out a sheaf of paper.
It is the discarded second half of the manuscript.
How did you manage to write this much without getting caught? Are you that desperate or what...?
Give it back.
Haha... What’s up with this content?! Is this the kind of thing someone comes up with if their brain is filled with sperm and eggs?
It’s not something for a bitch like you to read.
Ahahaha! What’s this? ‘Become a cyclone by continuously ejaculating into a tornado and giving birth to heat!’ A sane person wouldn’t be able to write something like this!
Give it back to me.
I’m going to burn it.
Give it baaaaack!
......
This time, I hardly feel any pain from being hit.
Gh...
My mind isn’t working properly.
All I feel is a deep abyss of pain.
Haaa... You really do bark a lot, don’t you? A puppy that can’t do anything but bark is just so pathetic!
It’s the same as what she did to Chisato.
It’s something more important than life itself to you, isn’t it? After all, you wrote all this nonsense. I understand, you know?
It’s the game you wanted to make so badly, you even crossed Mizushiro... These pages are the foundation of the whole thing, eh?
After someone cherishes something, she crushes it right in front of them.
If you don’t want this burned to ash right now, then you need to completely become my pawn.
If she doesn’t crush it, it becomes material for coercion.
There is no other way for you to retrieve this.
No matter how hard you struggle, you absolutely cannot defeat me...
She’s saying there is no means for me to resist anymore.
If you want to protect this, no matter how much you are humiliated, then swear loyalty to me.
When I say ‘bark,’ you bark. When I say ‘run,’ you run. And when I say ‘die,’ you die. Become my slave.
Work diligently, acting only for me and prioritizing only my interests. Become a diligent worker bee.
If you want this, obey me.
And as proof of your submission and obedience... lick my feet. Right here, right now.
You are the slave, and I am the master.
I will engrave it on your body to make sure you never forget that.
She understands the human psyche very well.
So... what will you do, boy?
So, I lower my head.
To make sure I don’t lose those precious pages...
I will put a collar on myself and pledge loyalty.
Mwa...
As proof of my submission, I kiss her feet.
Heh, hehehehe...
They taste like a sewer.
Ahahahaha! Ahahahahahaha!
The Queen Bee laughs loudly.
(END)
Three weeks later...
I have been released from working in the coal mine and am now doing prison work on the surface.
As a first-class prisoner, I have certain restrictions, but I am able to freely enter and exit many buildings.
Here you go... Tampons.
Thanks. You managed to get them.
If female prisoners say they are on their period, they can receive as many as they want. It’s one of the few advantages of having only female guards.
All right, if we stack these and tape them together... Look!
Wow, it’s like a diaper...!
Honestly, oh my... It’s so filthy to take a dump in a place that’s not the toilet, I just can’t help it.
After you’re done, can you return the used diaper?
Of course. With this, I can freely let loose with my feces... Thank you, little missy.
Hehe, they’re |maximum absorbency|...
...Violators, spotted. Prisoner numbers 0411 and 0631. The charges are Illicit Exchange and Illicit Defecation. I strongly recommend punishment.
Eight o’clock in the evening.
During the time for various announcements or medical examinations, I head to the torture room...
...to call out the violators and report to Captain Yugao.
Do you understand why you have been summoned here?
Today, a male and female prisoner from the Sex Crimes Ward have been summoned.
I just wanted to poop in a diaper...!
That’s right! I wanted to help dispose of it out of conscience!
You—a gorilla who enjoys throwing full diapers and a deviant who huffs human waste out of a musical instrument—have defecatory fetishes, and must be punished for indulging them.
The male and female prisoners are tied up and thrown onto the ground.
Just by looking at what is lined up in the room, it is immediately clear what is about to happen.
W-We won’t succumb to torture! Our master is with us!
That’s right, our Lord said this! Faith, hope, love, and constipation will always remain!
I wonder if your Lord will actually find you. I’m quite vigilant, you know?
It is the right of the apprehending prison guard to punish those who engage in loophole banging.
Ugaaaaaaahhhhhh!
Ugeeeeeeee!
It doesn’t matter which ward they’re assigned to.
Worship and adore me from now on... If you swear absolute obedience and work like a slave, I might consider setting you free.
As |I| will, so may it be done... not your silly god. Ahahaha!
In the end, it is the one who makes the first move that wins.
You did well today, boy.
Thank you.
Whenever I talk with her here, it is always on beautiful moonlit evenings.
Our meetings never take place on cloudy or moonless nights.
In the past three weeks, I have captured twenty-six violators. Out of those, I have punished seventeen and turned them into my pawns.
By doing this, Captain Yugao has gained a firm grip on the “prisoner support” that had eluded her for so long.
And the credit for that is mine.
Doesn’t it burden your conscience, being a ‘mediator’ who entraps and punishes other sicko prisoners in the same position as you?
I’m just taking the most rational path to my goals.
I see. Well, that’s good... Hahaha!
Captain Yugao laughs loudly.
All right, dismissed... Make sure to work hard tomorrow, boy.
And so, I crush every inconvenient person for Captain Yugao, one by one.
Ugh...! Being the mediator was supposed to be my job... He took it away from me...! I... I want him to die...!
I’ve been appointed as the mediator of the Obscenity Ward.
But being the mediator doesn’t mean “mediating” anything. I simply report everything to the prison guards.
I heard they even took down the Riddle Baron of the Obscenity Ward... This guy’s worse than that suck-up, Crappymori...
He’s completely different from |any| mediator we’ve had before... It’s like comparing apples and oranges, or slippers and spoons...
If he finds out what you did, you’re done for.
No one will sit next to me anymore.
Hey, you...! Your rep is in the gutter, man. They’re saying a seriously messed-up lady has you on a leash...!
But Ozawa always sits in the seat in front of me.
Stuff like, you’re just a fucking suck-up, and that you’re a dog for the Calabash Bitch... It’s terrible.
I open the Tulip Times.
If you keep this up, no one will trust you anymore...!
Since there is nothing of interest, I close it, folding it neatly.
Listen, hey! If you don’t stop, those people will—
’Scuse me a second.
Another mediator group approaches.
Long time no see.
Leading the group is the Chief.
What’s wrong, kid? Ain’t your style to be all obedient to some damn woman like that, is it?
......
Are you ignoring us, you little shit?!
A nudist punk like you, you’re getting too cocky! I’ll fold you up so neatly you won’t even have a crease, you fucker!
Hold on, you guys... Hey, what’re you doing this for?
No reason, really.
I’ve heard the bad rumors about you too. That you’re a filthy mutt who doesn’t know his limits.
Is that so?
But you’re not that kind of guy. I know that better than anyone. I’ve tried to smooth things over for you.
It doesn’t matter to me.
The way you’re acting now is too rough, kid. If you’ve got no honor, people won’t follow you.
I don’t want them to follow me.
What’s with this new attitude of yours?! Weren’t you taught how to properly address people?!
I told you, hold on, you guys. Calm down.
It’s about Darlin’ Darkness, isn’t it? If that’s the case, we’ll lend a hand. Do you remember what I said before?
The Chief patiently continues.
That you can leave it to our gang to handle part of it...
I don’t intend to do that.
I only need what she wrote. If I get my hands on that, I don’t necessarily need her.
The Chief seems taken aback.
Listen here. You might not be used to it, but show some restraint.
I don’t intend to do that.
If you keep going like this, someone might lose their shit and come after you in the dark.
I don’t care.
But kid, if you get injured, you’re never gonna make any progress on the game—
Any further words or actions will be subject to punishment, Number 0019.
I coldly declare...
As I glare at the Chief.
......
......
We both keep our gazes fixed on each other.
Hey, you there! What’s going on here...? Ah...
Even Sofurin can’t speak up against me anymore.
Um, well, don’t make too much of a disturbance... You guys are supposed to be role models for the inmates, you know!
She gives a half-hearted reprimand and walks away.
......
Are you just gonna keep your mouth shut again, you brown-nosing, boot-licking, suck-up son of a bitch?!
Should we do something about this guy right here, right now?!
Cut it out!
But Chief, this brat is being way too disrespectful...! We need to teach him some manners...!
It doesn’t matter. I couldn’t care less what a dumb brat like him says.
The Chief quietly stands up.
But, you know... you’ve turned into a pretty boring guy, kid.
She leaves, looking deeply disappointed.
We’re going, Ozawa!
No...! Wait a minute, Chief! This is a misunderstanding! There’s no way Shuichiro would become a lackey for the guards...
Ozawa has been the only one supporting me all this time.
But now, he probably won’t come near me again.
......
Once again, I am alone.
This is the report on the activities of Number 0720 for the past three weeks. No suspicious behavior has been observed.
Regarding the other mediators, it seems that Taeka Hatae from the Serious Offenses Ward has cut ties with him.
Hmm... If he could have successfully infiltrated her clan and gained some leverage, I would have promoted that mutt to a guard dog...
Oh, well, it’s for the best. Anything that woman sticks her fingers into always gets more complicated.
......
Continue to monitor closely... until the boy is isolated and becomes my faithful servant.
And so, a month has passed since I became a “dog.”
When you insert your dick into a girl who has never had sex before, blood comes out.
Professor Sex...!
Target acquired. Violation: Use of sicko language.
There are no blind spots from the cameras that I’m not familiar with.
My cracking down on violations becomes increasingly extreme day by day.
I don’t let any slight comment go unnoticed.
When people receive an electric shock, it’s so painful that they have no choice but to obeyyyaaaaaahhh...!
Professor Seeeex...!
If it’s even slightly sexual, I immediately take them away for punishment.
Yes, yes... That’s right. I’ve been appointed as the leader in the prison workshop...
The boss entrusted me with the sandals... Yes, I won’t steal them this time... Thank you, Mom... Ah...
......
Never mind! Talk to you later...! Ngh...
Lately, people have started running away when I come by.
I am now recognized as Captain Yugao’s faithful dog.
Tch... That damn gourd-licking dog...
Somehow, I’ve ended up with that nickname.
The prisoners’ hatred towards me is extraordinary.
While I am not solely to blame, everything that happens is blamed on “Exhibitiman.”
You traitor!
I’m even attacked by other people.
How dare you snitch on us!
Six strong men appear.
The pantyless woman from the other team, she got caught in that mess too!
......
I already knew that, since I was there when she was disciplined.
She did expose her lower half.
That’s because there’s a story that if you expose your lower half when you’re lost, a ghost will come and help you...!
It’s like a ritual that devout miners use to protect themselves! You should know that too!
You’re forgetting about that stuff since you’re away from the coal mine! Or are you just jealous because you can’t take yours off anymore?!
That’s irrelevant.
Grr...! Betraying your comrade just for exposing herself, don’t mess around—!
He swings his arm and dives in.
Right before his fist sinks into my face...
...a shadow stretches towards my feet from the twilight.
Huh, hwaaaahhhh...?!
......
A thin-bodied girl appears from somewhere and pins the miner down.
A tall and lanky security guard appears afterwards and takes away the remaining five.
You’re being targeted...
The girl moves like a ninja.
Be careful.
But her poor articulation makes it hard to understand what she’s saying.
Be cheerful?
Be careful.
Be colorful?
Care.
Air?
Care!
She shouts at me.
And then, she silently leaves, raising her index and middle fingers.
The men those two just took away all visit the chapel often.
......
I continue walking as if nothing happened.
That’s all for today’s report.
I finish my routine report and raise my head.
I see. You’ve managed to carefully build relationships among the prisoners in such a short time.
Unusually, Captain Yugao praises me.
This is a rare treat.
What about Number 0019, Taeka Hatae?
I can’t get a hold of her. Maybe she’s avoiding being caught since she doesn’t like me.
I see... You’re aware of your mistake, right, boy?
At that time, I shouldn’t have cut ties. I should have continued our relationship during the information-gathering phase. It was a mistake.
Captain Yugao extends her right leg.
Kiss it.
......
I kneel down and bring my lips close to her foot.
She stomps my head with all her might.
Ngh...
Hehe... Hehehe...
I accept it without saying anything.
There is no escape from the whip.
If that’s the case, then work even harder to make up for it... Now, hurry back to your cell.
When she leaves the torture room, she always has the SST with her.
It seems like she is avoiding being alone in the dark.
In other words, this is probably the only time when there is no surveillance.
It means that I’m alone.
Ugh...?!
I am punched right in the pit of my stomach.
Quick, restrain him! First, shut him up!
Men much bigger than me grab hold of my entire body.
Stay quiet, Minato...
The one at the front is Mr. Bear.
You have to be given a good chastisement...
...in the name of our Lord.
......!
In this past month, Number 0720 has shown no suspicious activity. There have been no contacts that could be seen as betrayals.
It seems that there is no longer a need for surveillance... However, his actions have been a bit excessive, and there is a possibility that other prisoners become violent towards him...
No, Natsumi... That’s why we can remove the surveillance, you see.
What do you mean?
The boy only targeted Julia’s pawns, right?
Those brainwashed idiots are willing to throw their lives away at Julia’s command. That’s why they’re a nuisance... but...
...there won’t be any violence. Just a simple kidnapping and confinement. It’s dangerous to live a normal life without any backing... hehehe...
I see... So that’s... how it is.
Yes... I only play games that I know I can win.
With this, the boy will have no choice but to rely on me, right...?
When I wake up, I find myself in the chapel.
I lean against the wall, my hands handcuffed behind me.
I see a familiar figure approaching.
Welcome, poor lost little lamb... dear Minato?
Well done, everyone, for your hard work... my beloved endub-furifuri... Beche.
Captain Julia Agatsuma is awaiting me.
Today, I wanted to have a little chat with you...
The chapel is silent and still.
Only Sister Julia’s words echo eerily.
I hear you’ve been very busy lately, running around as the mediator of the Obscenity Ward...
In the midst of that, there’s a soft whooshing sound of air escaping.
Or maybe you’re doing it as dear Hazuki’s loyal dog, hmm...?
Dozens of her believers are surrounding us.
But as a nun myself... your actions have put me in quite a bind, you know?
In their hands, they hold various objects like iron pipes and shards of glass.
So, could you please tell me?
I probably can’t escape or call for help.
If they were to attack me, being hospitalized would be the lucky outcome.
Why do you only target my beloved believers...?
But I remain calm, unshaken.
Ahh... I’m tired of waiting.
What?
I’ve been looking forward to this moment.
It took you long enough.
What do you...?
Ah, finally.
......
Mina...to...
Finally... you’ve captured me.
(END)
I’ve been waiting for you to finally bring me in.
Upon hearing this, Sister Julia looks embarrassed and taken aback.
Oh my, this is quite an unexpected reaction, isn’t it...?
I thought for sure you had sided with the enemy, dear Minato...
I won’t side with anyone.
I am always myself.
But there’s no denying whose side you’ve been wagging your tail for, is there? You’ve converted my adorable followers one after another.
If I hadn’t done that, you wouldn’t have approached me, Sister Julia.
I am under constant surveillance.
I couldn’t go to Sister Julia on my own.
So, she needed to abduct me.
I see... In that case, let me ask you...
What did you want to discuss with me so badly that you let my boys beat you half to death?
Help me... to crush Yugao.
......
......
Ha, hahahaha! Ohohoho!
How, then... are we going to do it?
We’ll use this.
I take out a piece of paper from my anus.
Is that... fuxx?
It is the system that incentivizes prison labor, the currency within the facility known as “fuxx.”
We’ll use it to crush Yugao.
Do you have any specific ideas?
I do. But I can’t say it here.
I glance at those around us and turn my gaze back to her.
I see... Hehe, I understand. Shall we talk in private, then?
But Sister Julia, if you go to such a confined place, who knows what might happen...!
Pikukunkusa.
When she says this, Mr. Bear promptly ceases his protest.
Thank you, but don’t worry. Dear Minato isn’t that kind of lamb... Now, shall we go over there?
I enter the confessional.
No one will eavesdrop on us here. Except for our Lord, that is.
She giggles when she says this.
No water this time?
No, because it seems that it doesn’t really matter to you either way.
She laughs softly and straightens her posture.
Now, please tell me... how do you plan to defeat our dear Hazuki with that pseudo-currency?
She controls the prison from the shadows.
Holding a strong position as the second in command after the warden, she possesses the force known as the SST.
The Special Security Team is fully armed... No one in this penitentiary can rival dear Hazuki’s violence.
Even Sister Julia, who has many followers, does not have enough power to compete with the SST.
If she even slightly defied them, she would be easily beaten.
I know that from personal experience.
No one can win against Yugao with violence, so...
We’ll defeat her with the power of money.
If we can’t beat her head-on, we won’t |fight| her head on.
Give fuxx the same value as Japanese yen.
It was originally established to incentivize labor, but now hardly anyone uses it.
In the end, everything is done with cash, whether it’s obtaining goods or information.
Within the facility, fuxx can currently only be exchanged for supplies such as pencils and notebooks.
Make it circulate in the prison just like Japanese yen.
I remember the conversation I had with Chisato.
About a book written by someone with a foot fetish.
In it was a story about a transfer student who circulated their own currency and took over the school.
In the outside world, the person with money is the strongest.
I say this as I recall something someone said when I first came to the facility.
If fuxx becomes as valuable as cash, then the person who has the most fuxx will be the strongest in this prison, won’t they?
I have a large amount of fuxx that I discovered while organizing the storeroom.
Like the child in the story who made even adults kneel to them...
...I will do the same thing.
It seems like you’ve been thinking a lot while doing the tasks assigned by our dear Hazuki.
I spent a long time in solitary. I had plenty of time to think.
And I’ve also had the experience of meeting many people in this facility.
But can you really make that absurd proposal a reality in this penitentiary?
I have a plan.
I explain the specifics of my plan.
How to make this fantasy a reality.
I explain it in detail.
Hahaha...
Sister Julia laughs.
But she does seem surprised.
Hehe, I think it is interesting... Yes, I do. If it works out well, hehe, it isn’t impossible, is it?
And I have an idea of who might help us.
Oh, was I the first person you came to?
It’s a plan that won’t work without your cooperation, Sister Julia.
But there’s a possibility that this is all a farce, a trap to ensnare us, isn’t there? After all, you’re the ‘Calabash Hound.’
God is listening, isn’t he? I wouldn’t dare lie.
Sister Julia agrees that this is certainly true.
But do you think I will cooperate with you after you have harmed us?
I think you will.
Yugao doesn’t like Sister Julia.
And on the flip side, that means Sister Julia also dislikes Yugao.
There lies the opportunity.
What do you need for your plan?
First, a large amount of cash.
How much?
At least ten million yen at a minimum.
That’s quite expensive.
Religious organizations have money, right? I’ll ask for the next step once we have a foothold.
Mr. Kugitani once called her a dangerous person, one who’s impossible to read.
......
......
I can’t get a clear idea of her either, and I would have preferred to work with someone else.
But Yugao is troubled by her followers.
I could sense that from her orders.
So that means that Sister Julia is seeking believers.
What will I get in return?
If I can bring down Yugao, I promise to join the religion under the faith that you, Sister Julia, believe in.
If I can provide her with a satisfactory result...
Religious leaders always want the same thing... I read that in a book.
I see... You’re not just a simple lamb, are you...? Hehehe...
Everything is according to God’s will... All right, I will cooperate with you.
If our interests align, we can form a cooperative relationship.
With her power to back me up, I can execute the plan I have in mind.
There’s one thing I want to ask you. Is that all right?
What is it?
Thinking up something so grand, it’s not something you can do without having strong feelings, is it? Hehe...
Is your goal revenge?
It’s not revenge. It’s control.
I’m not in a position to seek revenge.
The decision to do that lies with Chisato.
Is it our dear infamous Number 1310? Such beautiful |Agape|...
Sister Julia knows about Chisato.
But it’s not just a matter of having her leave the Damned Ward, is it?
I’ve seen that girl’s face once, hehe... It’s possessed by a demon, you know.
So even if she were to come out to the surface, I don’t think she could live a life like a regular prisoner.
I suddenly recall a conversation I had with Chisato.
There is a common development in stories.
And even if she does come out, her suffering will continue, won’t it?
Even if dear Hazuki falls from grace, that girl inspires fear and hatred in all she encounters. So, the same thing will surely happen again, right?
There’s no way to escape the cycle of malice, |certainly| not if she never leaves this penitentiary.
Is good for the heroine to make her change her thinking—when she’s already satisfied with her situation?
Yes, it’s true... Hehe, if fuxx |were| to have the same value as cash, maybe you could find a way out for her...
She said she wants her feelings to be respected.
She wants the feelings she’s cultivated to be cherished.
But... is that what she wants?
You have it.
My course of action is clear.
That’s why I will change Tulip Prison into a place where Chisato can live comfortably.
If Chisato can only live here...
I will save her, here, in this facility.
I’ll be by her side all the time.
I’ll do everything I can for that.
Even if it means selling my soul to the devil.
I will create an environment where she can spend her days happily.
If I, Shuichiro Minato, want to be by her side...
...then I’ll have to change everything.
I will rule Tulip Prison.
I’ll become the true ruler of Tulip Prison.
It’s the most rational and efficient way.
The way I can be with Chisato.
Heheheh... Ahaha! Ahahahaha! Hehehehe!
Sister Julia bursts into laughter.
Was it really that funny?
You really are... hehehe, aren’t you?
While suppressing her laughter, she reaches out her hand through the small window.
All right then, I look forward to working with you... dear Minato.
Me too, Sister Julia.
You can just call me Julia now, we’re comrades, after all. Oh, can I call you dear Shuichiro?
I don’t mind.
We shake hands.
Her hand is terribly cold.
So, where do you think we should start?
Please punch me.
Oh, I see. You’re not satisfied with just dear Hazuki doing it.
I was kidnapped and brought here. I won’t have any excuse if I don’t have any injuries.
Ah, I see... Although physical violence isn’t my specialty, I can’t argue with that, can I?
Sister Julia pulls out the shotgun she has on her waist.
Ready...
With a beaming smile, she aims the gun at me, without hesitation.
Amen.
The next morning, I read the Tulip Times as usual.
Shuichiro, hey... what’s up with that bruise?
It’s a long story.
While still holding the newspaper open, I look at Ozawa.
What’s wrong?
What’s wrong? You’re being way too reckless. You’re starting to come up as a topic in the Hatae Clan’s board meetings!
If the board decides it, you’re done. The Chief can’t keep things under control forever. Some of them are chafing at the bit already!
Although no one else wants anything to do with the “Hound” anymore, Ozawa is still going out of his way to pass me a secret warning.
It won’t be just the Hatae boys either. And also...!
And also?
Well... nothing...
My friend really is a good guy, after all.
Big thanks, bro.
In that case...!
But I can’t stop here.
Not when my preparations are complete.
If I take a step back now, my whole month of effort will be wasted.
I will give fuxx an overwhelming value within Tulip Prison.
By the way, Ozawa, what do you think is the most valuable thing in this facility?
There are no articles I’m interested in today, so I close the newspaper and ask him.
Hmm, valuable? Well, let’s see...
By the way, the least valuable thing... is clothes.
I’d say, things you can’t get in the slammer, right?
......
......
What else?
Well, I guess... valuable information?
Exactly.
Ozawa taught me what Tulip Prison values almost as soon as I came in.
That’s why I want to ask you to do something for me.
Like he says—“goods” and “information.”
I am no longer just a miner and have the freedom to roam around the facility.
As another benefit of no longer working in the mine, I can use my lunch break freely.
Mr. Kugitani.
Mr. Kugitani is smoking in the corner of the yard.
From there, I can see the girl doing pull-ups on the horizontal bars again today.
Oh, a rare guest. I thought you had forgotten about me as soon as you switched sides. I’ve been on edge, wondering when you would rat me out.
I thought visiting would cause you trouble.
Seems like you’re up to something outrageous again.
I haven’t changed.
But now you’re known as the ‘Calabash Hound,’ huh? It’s a good nickname. Much better than ‘Exhibitiman.’ Some dogs at least wear clothes, you know.
I’m more of a cat person.
Indeed, you’re like a little kitten.
But I don’t dislike dogs either.
I only recently learned that a “yugao” is a type of gourd—a calabash.
It’s better than being Exhibitiman, isn’t it?
Exhibitiman is very cool.
I see. Well, whatever. Old folks like me can’t keep up with young people’s sensibilities anyway.
But thanks to you, our society is in chaos. Honestly, you’re a troublesome kid, aren’t you?
Does chaos cause you trouble?
It does. Quite a bit. My merchandise won’t sell.
It’s all about trust. If we can’t trust each other, the goods won’t circulate. That’s how the world works, right?
Big sorry, bro.
|Information| is really moving, though. ‘What did that guy do?’ ‘What happened to him?’ Everybody wants to know the score—so they won’t end up getting snitched on by you.
Mr. Kugitani closes one eye, showing a satisfied expression.
It seems that in this way he has been able to make quite a profit.
Since we’re at it, why not make another profit?
Another profit?
I’ll keep it brief since we might still be under surveillance.
From now on, instead of cash, I want you to sell all information and goods using fuxx.
What did you say?
Mr. Kugitani raises both hands, thinking it must be a joke.
We also need stock. We can’t buy things from outside using fuxx.
I have all the necessary cash.
I point back over my shoulder.
The girl called Yomi is casually walking.
Coming from the opposite direction is Ozawa.
As they pass by each other, Ozawa hands her some bills.
It’s the usual method of payment.
Huh...?!
But she drops the bills, not expecting the stack to be so thick.
She hurriedly picks them up and comes over to Mr. Kugitani.
For now, it’s two million. Use that.
I’m amazed... I’ve never held such a large amount of cash even on the outside. It’s a fortune.
Mr. Kugitani is the window through which every luxury item in the facility passes.
He’s also a source of information, buying and selling various knowledge.
In other words, if I can get him, that’s all I need.
What’s the exchange rate?
Think of fuxx as being worth one-tenth their listed value. So, ten yen equals one hundred fuxx.
That won’t work. One fuxx has always been worth one yen, and you can pay fuxx at the official exchanges at that rate.
If you do that, you’ll just be at a loss...
I don’t mind. It’s not my money anyway.
Mr. Kugitani looks at me, surprised.
What are you aiming for...?
I want to make fuxx as valuable as real currency.
To do that, I first need to get Mr. Kugitani on side.
Everything starts here.
Join me, Mr. Kugitani.
......
He takes a deep breath and slowly exhales.
And then...
It’s not like I’ll be losing anything. Fine, I’ll join you. But there will be no delays in payment. If you’re even a little late, I won’t do business in fuxx.
Of course.
Finally, we exchange our usual farewell.
As usual, Mr. Kugitani is above, and I am below.
And then, a few days later...
I got promoted, so I’ll treat myself. Please give me some perfume, Chanel No. 69.
It does smell like indoor shoes. But unfortunately, I no longer take cash. From now on, I’ll only trade in fuxx.
Huh? In fuxx...?
Mr. Kugitani has kept his promise.
Of course, I still pay him in cash for the goods.
Hey, have you heard? Old man Kugitani said he’s only taking fuxx now...
If he only accepts fuxx to buy goods... doesn’t that mean he only sells goods for fuxx?
Soon, the name fuxx is on everyone’s lips.
But it’s not like there’s an easy way to get cash in, so this is convenient for us, right?
That’s right, for prisoners, fuxx is more convenient than cash.
While the prison keeps custody of all our real-money accounts, fuxx can flow a great deal more freely.
With fuxx, you can buy exactly what you want. The most convenient part is, you can buy exactly what you want with fuxx.
Once you start using it, you’ll appreciate its value—even if you don’t like it, you’ll |feel| it.
But that alone is not enough.
To let fuxx circulate properly, I have to instill that concept.
In other words, educate the masses.
And according to the book, education is something that religious leaders always do.
You want to hoard goods with fuxx...?
That’s right.
Before it starts circulating, I need to gather all the prison inventory that can be purchased with fuxx.
You should easily be able to find out how much inventory is left for purchase.
Indeed. There aren’t many users to begin with, so the surplus stock will run out quickly.
Even though Tulip Prison makes a profit with the coal mine, there are strict limits on the budget, so the surplus won’t be replenished immediately.
Then gather people for me.
If one person hoards everything, it will raise suspicions. We need to disperse the purchases.
There isn’t much you can buy in the prison, just things like pencils and notebooks.
Nothing life-changing.
Boss, the underwear I requested with the purchase form hasn’t arrived, so my crotch is completely exposed...
It’s currently sold out.
My towel is already torn...
We don’t have any.
This bra size doesn’t fit...
None left.
Why is there nothing...?!
I have no idea! Underwear and erasers have never sold this much before! How could I possibly know?!
But when those things disappear, people miss them.
You all have free government-issued items! That should at least be fine for the moment!
Undergarments and towels can be borrowed and you can even rent used ones.
I don’t want to wear that...
But the prisoners treat them as if they don’t exist.
With all the wet-dream stains from previous prisoners, just wearing them makes you feel like you’ll get pregnant...
They are dirty, uncomfortable, and have a bad reputation.
In situations like this, people will do anything to get what they need.
That’s why I’ve distributed the purchased items to Sister Julia’s followers.
I really want a pencil (heart mark, heart mark)! Please give me one (tightly-closed eyes emoji)!
Thanks, that’ll be eleven hundred fuxx!
T-Ten times the market price (sweat emoji)... Isn’t that expensive (sweat ejaculation emoji)? But I’ve got no choice (fist emoji)... Without a pencil, I can’t even send a letter to my girl (shit emoji)...
I’ve positioned our people everywhere, equally.
And I’m having them sell at the same prices.
Those prices being about ten times higher than normal. I told them they could raise the price even more for items that sell out quickly.
Seriously, if you let your guard down, they’ll take every last hair on your head and then turn to your pubes...
When essential items run out, people panic.
I read in a book that there was once a time when people went into a frenzy to buy up all the toilet paper.
Since we’re trading in things that can be bought in the prison, none of this is a punishable offense.
And no matter how high our prices go, people still need what we’re selling.
If I don’t save up fuxx every month, I’m screwed!
At the same time, the value of fuxx naturally increases.
Taking advantage of the shortage of supplies, we use our manpower to greatly inflate the market price.
In the outside world, they’d call us scalpers.
But do you truly think that’s enough to ensure the long-term use of fuxx?
Sister Julia speaks with a hint of doubt in her voice.
Even I don’t think it will work perfectly.
This is just the beginning.
To circulate it, we needed a much bigger current.
Something that generates a huge flow of money.
That was also written in the book.
Gambling!
(END)
