Eight o’clock, in the recreation room...
It’s been a while since I came here.
Hey, kid.
The Chief has arrived.
Well, well, how did you manage to summon us to a place like this? Is it because of the power that you have as the Calabash Bitch’s little bitchboy?
It’s Kurebayashi.
That’s half correct.
I currently have a certain level of authority.
The Chief glares at me with an intimidating expression.
What exactly is your motive, calling me and Ms. Kurebayashi here?
Oh... I’m here too, you know?
Sister Julia appears from the darkness.
Oh... Long time no see, punk nun.
It’s been a while, my dear matriarch. You must be busy as always, managing your little gang?
My family is smart. Makes it harder, when your people know how to think for themselves.
You two get along well.
Do you really see it that way?
I don’t like nuns who mess with people in my family without permission, sneaking and plotting in the shadows.
That’s a misunderstanding. Everyone comes to me seeking salvation. Perhaps it’s because the powerless can’t rely on their weak leaders?
Must be nice being a ‘public charity.’ You get to save all that money on taxes, then turn around and use it to fool your flock.
Ahahaha, do yakuza pay taxes?
You two really do get along well.
You should go get your head checked, seriously.
See? Didn’t I tell you so? Our dearest matriarch would never cooperate if you brought me.
Cooperate...?
Uh... I’m really clueless here. What exactly is going on?
I have a favor to ask of both of you.
Starting from tomorrow, I want you to be our bookmakers.
The two of them are taken aback by my request.
Your bookmaker...? Are you saying you want to open a gambling den in this prison, kid?
Yeah.
And not just some small-time stuff like zoo-zoos.
I’m raising the stakes.
For what purpose?
For Chisato.
Everything is for the sake of saving Chisato.
Chief.
What now?
Oh my, how scary.
I want you to use the gambling skills you honed in the outside world to manage the gambling den.
I want Kurebayashi to oversee the financial side of the gambling den and ensure that it runs smoothly.
For that, both of their cooperation is indispensable.
How dare you say something like that after picking a fight with me?
If things had stayed as they were, I would have had to give information about you to Yugao. Big sorry, bro.
If she knew I was close to the Chief, it would only have been a matter of time before I was asked to get closer and extract information.
That’s why I had no choice but to push her away.
Even if that was the case, what obligation do I have to help you? I’m neither your friend nor your subordinate.
Of course, I will compensate you.
What can a brat like you do?
A re-investigation of the false charges against you, Chief.
......
Even the Chief is at a loss for words.
If this plan succeeds, we can completely take control of the prison.
With Sister Julia’s cooperation, it won’t be difficult to prove that it was a false charge.
I can also promise that I won’t go after your subordinates again, you know?
Shut up. I’m talking with the kid right now.
All right.
And if you want something, Kurebayashi, you just need to say it, and I’ll do my best to provide it.
......
I have a question. Is Captain Sofiya Shikolenko also involved in this?
Dear Sofurin? She has nothing to do with this matter. She’s an inflexible fool, so I
If you want to use her as a pawn, I could threaten her and tempt her to join.
No, don’t.
I see... I understand.
Kurebayashi’s face shows a slightly sad expression.
Captain Shikolenko... Can you get her fired?
She then asks this in a cold voice.
Given enough power, I can’t see why not? Whether it’s over her work attitude or for a fake scandal, I could think of a hundred ways.
I’ll make it look like I was sexually harassed.
I told you, I don’t want that.
If you don’t like that, should I just hurt her right now?
I said no, don’t. Are you like these guys that change drastically once they have power?
She lets out a deep sigh.
Then, promise me my release. That’s the condition of my cooperation.
That just leaves the Chief.
......
However, she still has a stern expression.
Kurebayashi’s cooperation alone won’t be enough.
I’ll also pay you both ten percent of the profits.
Leave it to us.
I’ll prepare cards, dice, and anything else we need.
As for the venue, it’s already approved by the captain of the Sex Crimes Ward.
We need Sister Julia’s cooperation for security and maintaining the venue.
And I will... oversee everything.
In other words, if the four of us here don’t come together, this plan will never succeed.
Welcome to Shuichiro Minato’s high-stakes showdown, a plan with my life and my grit on the line.
Please, won’t you throw your lot in with me?
I bow my head.
You said it’s a gamble, right, kid?
The Chief asks.
It’s certainly an elaborate scheme. It’s a risky endeavor in itself. The outcome is completely up in the air.
And this time, it’s not something cheap like zoo-zoos. Everything will be determined by whether we succeed or fail with no middle ground.
So, what are you betting?
My life.
I will bet my life.
If I fail, it’s okay if I die.
I will bet everything I have.
Even if I lose everything, it doesn’t matter.
I will consolidate my entire life here.
First you bet me your dick and now it’s your life? Good grief...
The Chief puts her hand on her forehead in exasperation as she speaks.
Well, I guess that sweetens the pot.
She says with a daring smile.
Honestly, I can’t deal with idiots like you. I’ll provide a moderate amount of help. That’s all.
Everything is according to God’s will, isn’t it?
I reach out my hand.
Hey, don’t get it twisted. I don’t plan on getting friendly with you, so don’t expect anything from me.
That’s a shame. Even if you’re just a thug, the Lord loves you.
And then, everyone’s hands overlap.
All right, let’s do it... Codename: ‘Operation Little Prison.’
Can we at least change the name? Immediately.
We’re all in this together now.
(END)
A few days later, on a day off, the gambling den opens.
It has dice games, card games, and even roulette.
Gh... I bet! Nineteen!
Open... Yes, blackjack!
Whyyyyyyyyy?!
Since we chose card games with a high turnover rate, it makes a high profit.
Here we go... Gimme double six!
Among the games, dice games are the most popular, especially the odd-even gambling game.
All right...
Let’s bet, let’s bet, let’s bet, let’s bet!
Is it odd?! Is it odd?!
Even! Even!
Even! Even! I bet it all on even!
Starved for entertainment, the prisoners quickly become obsessed with gambling.
Come on! Come on!
The odd-even bets have been placed! And... here we go!
In gambling, of course, there are winners and losers.
Depending on the outcome, there can be gains or losses.
Five and two...
Whyyyyyyyyy?!
We carefully calculated all of them to ensure that the house always makes a profit.
Do you know why casinos make money, kid?
Why is that?
The answer is simple. It’s because of the house’s edge. In other words, the recovery rate.
House edge?
Think of it as the tax that customers pay to the house as an entry fee.
For example...,” says the Chief as she takes out the roulette wheel
This one is simple. It’s a game where you guess where the ball will land on the black and red wheel with numbers.
The customers have to guess a number from one to thirty-six, red or black, even or odd, high from nineteen to thirty-six, low from one to eighteen.
If you guess correctly, you receive a payout based on the amount. If you lose, the chips are confiscated by us and go into the house’s pocket.
What do this zero and double zero mean?
That’s the key.
The Chief smirks.
Zero and double zero are not included in the previous bets on red-black, even-odd, and high-low. If you don’t bet on zero or double zero, you won’t get any payout.
And you can calculate the house edge: losing numbers over the total numbers, minus the winning numbers times the payout multiplier over the total numbers.
Thirty-eight numbers total, including zero and double zero. The winning number for red-black earlier was eighteen out of thirty-eight with a payout multiplier of one. What’s our edge?
5.26 percent.
You’re quick at math, aren’t you?
If you bet on a single number, it’s thirty-seven divided by thirty-eight, minus one times thirty-five divided by thirty-eight.
You’re right, it’s 5.26 percent no matter where you bet.
If there were no zero and double zero or if the payout was higher, the house edge percentage would be even lower.
That’s why the Chief said this is the essence of roulette.
For example, kid, if there’s a game with a 5.26 percent house edge and one million yen is paid out, how much profit would you make?
Fifty-two thousand and six hundred yen.
That’s right. Every gambling game gives the house an edge, and in the end, we can make a profit at that percentage—our recovery rate.
It doesn’t just apply to casinos. There are recovery rates in other things too. I think the lottery is around forty-five percent... or maybe a bit more, something like that.
Why do people gamble when they don’t make money?
That is a matter of probabilities. Even with the lottery, the people who win will benefit, right? If you stop when you’re winning, it’s profitable even as a customer.
But in aggregate, the more customers we have trying their luck, the more impossible it becomes for us to lose.
Customers end up losing an amount close to the house edge percentage for every game they play.
In the end, the gambling establishment only offers games that make the house money.
The Chief wears a very adult smile as she spins the wheel.
Now, how can we increase the number of attempts, or in other words, get them to keep gambling...?
Ultimately, gambling is all about calculating expected values.
Expected values?
For example, kid. Option A guarantees you ten million yen. Option B gives you a ninety percent chance to win thirteen million yen, but a ten percent chance to win nothing.
In this situation, which one would you choose?
A.
Then, option C guarantees you will pay ten million yen. Option D has a ninety percent chance for you to pay thirteen million yen, but a ten percent chance for you to pay nothing.
Ah, that paradox. It’s a loss aversion where humans think in a short-sighted manner.
D is better.
No, you idiot. If you had to choose, it would be C.
Why?
If we calculate the current problem based on expected value, A is 10 million times 100%, which is ten million. B is 13 million times 90%, which is 11.7 million. So, which one is more profitable?
B, 11.7 million.
C is also ten million, and D is also the same at 11.7 million. So, which is the better one to pay?
Ten million.
That’s why if you were gambling and in a similar situation, you must choose B and C. But humans tend to instinctively choose A and D.
I see.
Even though the one with the higher expected value is more beneficial, they still choose the one they can get for sure.
Even if they haven’t received it yet, they don’t want to lose the ten million they mistakenly believe is already theirs.
There’s also this scenario. What if you had a debt of ten million yen and A reduces it by five million yen, and B has a fifty percent chance of reducing it to zero yen or keeping it at ten million yen?
B is better.
But if you calculate it, it’s five million yen times one hundred percent and ten million yen times fifty percent, so the expected values are exactly the same. Yet most people choose B.
You’re right...
People try to avoid the risk of not gaining profit and try to avoid the loss itself.
This is the prospect theory, using cognitive biases as a trick.
I... see...
Casinos, and the like, take advantage of this and deceive the masses.
While the Chief is one thing, Kurebayashi is also very knowledgeable about gambling.
I needed to learn it before I entered the prison, so I thoroughly researched things related to making money. Like roulette, horse racing, boat racing, and also lotteries.
You seem so grown-up and cool.
Well, in the end, I concluded that it’s best to hold stable and high-quality stocks for long-term investment.
And with that, you made money?
I burned through a solid twelve million yen.
......!
There is a single prisoner winning at poker table B. At this rate, the table will break.
Information about the tables is being relayed to us wirelessly by Kurebayashi. She is monitoring the cameras in a separate room.
Please deploy
Gotcha, little miss.
You’re good at playing cards, Chief.
Dice aren’t really a thing these days. A gambler should be able to handle cards. It’s part of the job.
As it’s been a while since she dealt cards, the Chief is repeatedly spreading the cards in a fan shape and shuffling them.
She does it with such skill that it’s beautiful to watch.
And, kid, if you’re gonna play with paper cards, make sure you have plenty. Once they’ve been used, discard them right there.
Why?
If they get scuffed up, some people can tell ’em apart, and then what you’re doing ain’t gambling anymore.
That’s why gambling dens like to make a show of throwing out the cards and opening up a new pack all the time.
Seems a bit wasteful.
That’s what makes it good.
The Chief clenches a card in her hand and shows me the number.
It’s an ordinary eight of diamonds.
That big show of fairness... that’s how you get the suckers to slip.
In an instant, she flips her wrist.
See?
The card has changed to an ace of spades.
We’ll be short-handed, so you should be able to do this much too.
Impressive.
Hehe... You can’t make it without the ability to accept both the good and the bad in this line of work.
Cheating...! That’s cheating...! No count...! Do-over!
Oh... so you’re callin’
Huh?
Even if the situation is about to get chaotic, it can easily be settled with the presence of Taeka, the Hatae Clan Chief.
It’s nice of you to say such pleasant things... Hey! I hear this customer has something to say, so do me a favor and show him out back!
Whyyyyyyyyy?!
The way the Chief handles things is truly professional.
Humans are strange creatures, you know.
The Chief speaks while cutting the deck.
At first, no matter what kind of person they are, they always come in cautious and try to avoid making risky bets.
If I spend too much money, I’ll end up like my dad... So I’ll only use these ten thousand fuxx... Hehe...
That’s why we set up some games that let the marks win... at a certain probability.
Oh, huh... It’s turned into nineteen thousand fuxx! Maybe I have a talent for gambling...!
Once they win some, they can’t escape the pull.
It’d be better to quit here... But I’ve won nine thousand fuxx, so it’s okay to use that, right...?
In my example earlier, once they think they’ve secured the guaranteed ten million yen, they consider it their own.
Oh, my nine thousand fuxx disappeared quickly... I have to... win it back...
No one wants to experience losses. That’s why they hate it if they lose even a little.
I only have five thousand fuxx left... I absolutely want to win it back...!
Once they’re frustrated about their loss and they try to regain it, it’s already too late.
Woaah! I’ve lost all ten thousand fuxx...!
We wouldn’t want ’em running away at that point, so we give them a way to win it all back at once. They do the rest themselves.
If I hit a straight up on the roulette, the payout is thirty-five times and I can recover it! I feel like... I should try again... It’s definitely going to work...!
Before they know it, they’re already addicted.
This, kid, is the power of gambling.
Humans cannot win against their own greed.
After that, they just fall deeper and deeper into it.
I... I want to change my cash into fuxx... How do I do that...?
There are roughly three ways to obtain fuxx in the prison.
First, on the monthly payday, you can receive an amount based on your rank as a laborer.
Second, there’s a bonus for those who are recognized for their excellent work performance.
And third, Japanese yen can be traded for fuxx.
Of course, the last one is not a legal option.
I have prepared multiple money changers called “bankers.”
All of these pieces are tied to their locations, so I need a pawn that I can move more freely.
Oh, well, in that case, I have a convenient female prisoner that I can lend you for free.
I’ll be using her like a tool.
That’s fine. I don’t expect to have any other use for her anymore.
She certainly has abilities. There may be some issues with her character and behavior, though...
Damn it, why do I have to...?! Why do I have to become this brat’s lackey?!
......
I haven’t seen this person since the incident.
I, Rin Hanamaru, have fallen! Even though in the outside world I controlled billions of yen, slaves, and my sister!
I don’t know what kind of relationship she has with Sister Julia, but I’ve been told I can use her freely.
Do you regret it?
Huh? Regret? I’ve never done anything to regret in my entire life.
I see.
So don’t think you can disrespect me!
Here, take this.
A wad of cash! Lickety, lickety!
Will you reflect on your actions?
I’m so sorry! I’ve been a naughty girl! Mr. Exhibitiman!
Farewell, my first love, I think to myself.
I was worried, but Hanamaru is exceeding my expectations.
Hello there! Do you need help with exchanging currency?
Considering her personality was already like that of a yakuza, maybe this kind of work suits her.
Oh dear, taking care of a kid, huh...? But since Sister Julia and Minato asked, it can’t be helped.
We’ve assigned miners to act as our security.
I thought it would be good to have strong individuals who can withstand robberies and violence.
But are you sure?
Even though we attacked you before...
There’s no team more reliable than Mr. Bear’s.
I don’t see that as a problem.
We’re all comrades who’ve shared both joy and hardship.
......
Lend me your strength again, Foreman.
So...? How much do you need,
It isn’t just the inmates who come to exchange.
The gambling den isn’t just targeting prisoners.
This will only work if we get the guards too.
Mm, can we really exchange here?
The correctional officers have no way to obtain fuxx.
The large stockpile that was supposed to be in the storeroom has disappeared somewhere.
So, if they want to get their hands on it, they have no choice but to approach the inmates.
Yes, of course! Ten fuxx for one yen. You can exchange up to a hundred thousand fuxx a day!
The reason for the bankers to be exclusively prisoners is to make fuxx have the same value to both guards and prisoners.
Just between us... if you order through the smuggler, you can use fuxx at the same rate as the Japanese yen.
Ohmm, so that means I can shop for one-tenth of the price, okay?
Fuxx is worth one-tenth what cash is and is not subject to tax.
So basically, it’s like buying tokens at an arcade, right?
Yeah, although it’s also possible to convert ours back into cash.
Things like gacha games and some slot machines on the outside operate on the same principle.
They make you exchange your money for a bespoke currency and then you buy things with it.
Changing the visible numbers away from cash values makes everything feel less immediate, lowering the hurdle to open your wallet.
It’s a tactic we’ve aimed at the correctional officers.
Mm, hey, can I get a receipt for this, okay?
A receipt won’t save her now.
Once it comes to that, the rest is easy.
W-What is this...?! What’s going on?!
See? Come on, Himeru, let’s try it!
The prison is not a place for gambling!
But it’s just a little bit for some stress relief...! Come on, just once!
Um, well, my mother always told me to avoid two things: gambling, and the market on azuki bean futures...
Because this facility is on an isolated island, neither the guards nor the prisoners can easily leave.
And this small island provides very few opportunities to use cash, regardless of one’s position.
Uh, um, Himeru, isn’t it about time we...?
Whoooooo! Red, red! Land on red, ball! Come on, give me red!
The guards, being stuck here too most of the time, and are also starved for entertainment.
It’s just like when this island used to be a coal mine—back then, most of their wages were spent on pachinko.
They also needed a place that could satisfy all their desires.
(END)
Man, I’m glad everything’s settled down...
Sorry, but we couldn’t afford to let the plan leak before executing it.
Fundamentally, in prison life, only rules exist.
It is a space governed solely by compliance and command.
Are you happy?
I’m super happy... I’m so freaking thankful that the Chief and Sister Julia are working together...
Now fuxx has infiltrated that smooth system. The whole facility recognizes its value...
And the more convenient it becomes, the higher its value grows.
For example, it allows for things like this.
I feel like the saddle has been stolen off the bike of my soul. I just can’t get motivated... Can someone take my turn on night duty?
Well, all right. That’ll be three thousand fuxx, then.
When you want someone to take over your work, you have something to offer in return.
Hey! I can finally hear out of one ear, and you’re interrupting!
Here, take this...
When you’re waiting in line, the order can be flexible.
My stomach’s growling... Hey, lady, I want this.
Here you go, extra large. Next! Move quickly!
When you’re hungry, you can secretly supersize your slop.
And so, fuxx is spreading among the prisoners.
But how much has it penetrated among the guards?
I’ve decided to test and see.
It says ‘without getting hard or farting?!’ What a perverted phrase...! So vulgar, so vulgar...
And here, it says ‘shit!’ Say ‘excrement’ properly, won’t you?
Excuse me.
What?! Can’t you see I’m excrementally busy...
......
......
I hand over a bundle of fuxx.
I have to black out these bad words so they don’t spread... Oh, so busy...
The guard working as a librarian resumes work as if nothing happened.
It seems like fuxx is spreading smoothly.
Seems that way.
Kurebayashi summarizes the day’s sales on a sheet and calculates the expected net profit for tomorrow.
The number of visitors has been decreasing for the past two weeks... Sales have dropped by about twenty percent.
It seems like there have been a lot more people opening gambling dens beside us in the past few days.
If it’s profitable, there’s no reason they wouldn’t. I’ve heard that even some of the guards are running them.
Opening a gambling den would be possible anywhere as long as they cooperate with the guards.
If people are dispersed, our profits will steadily decline.
In other words, it means we will end up losing.
Ultimately, prisoners cannot match the presence of the guards.
I think... it’s finally time.
The uncertainty is what makes this plan interesting.
Even if gambling is thriving, there is a limit to the circulation of fuxx.
People can’t bet more money than they have.
If people knew someone would lend them money, they might be able to bet larger amounts.
Given a source of borrowed funds to fall back on, they would place even more and riskier bets.
I think we can remove this limiter on the gamblers.
If there’s a trustworthy bank, everyone can borrow money with peace of mind.
And I shall become that bank.
The name will be... ‘Clothes Forgo Bank.’
And so, we decide to issue IOUs.
After setting the limits, we will lend out fuxx.
The interest is ten-ten.
Meaning, it’s ten percent every ten days.
But, kid, do you know why the banks outside are so desperate to lend money? Do you understand the reason?
Why?
Because otherwise, they won’t make any profit.
It doesn’t take long for that to become clear: as moneylenders, our profits grow slim if we don’t keep lending money.
Like how there are other gambling dens now, it won’t take long for other moneylenders to show up. Too much competition will increase the risks.
Considering that everyone in here is a convicted criminal to begin with, we can expect that many of them won’t repay the money.
About that... I have an idea.
I whisper to the Chief.
Seeing this, Kurebayashi, who is organizing the IOUs, is shocked.
Playing bank is all well and good, but please do your own job properly, Hound.
Being the “Calabash Hound” works to my advantage.
Hey, hand over that fuxx...!
Eeeh...?!
Wait, that’s a punishable offense!
I actively expose any violations that go against my own motives.
This minimizes any unnecessary fluctuations in the fuxx system.
And I am even able to know the specific date and time of the raids in advance.
GOOD WORK!
Listen up, you guys. Make sure
The Chief always makes sure to drive this point home.
If a customer gets caught in our gambling den, they won’t come back. Pay compensation and send the out back door. Got it?
In preparation for a potential raid, the Chief has taken measures to ensure that everyone can escape.
Nobody moves! I know that people here are engaging in illegal gambling... Wait, what?
By the time they arrive, it is already empty and most of the equipment is cleaned up.
But that alone won’t settle things on the prison side.
Another miss...! Who is responsible for reserving this room?!
It was me, ma’am!
So instead, we leave one person to take responsibility.
To put it simply, they become a scapegoat.
You did well, Number 0720. Take him into custody and hand him over to the SST.
Understood... You’re being detained, Ozawa.
Okay.
I arrest that person and report to Yugao.
By doing so, my importance increases again.
But this approach is weakening the Hatae Clan.
When they are taken in, they inevitably end up in solitary. No one wants to go to a place like that.
Ozawa... This time, it’s your turn.
Even so, my information is the lifeline of this operation.
So the Chief grits her teeth and pats her subordinates on the shoulder.
Sorry about this... Can take one for the team?
For you, Chief... I can endure imprisonment!
Ozawa...
We’re already inside a prison.
......
All the way inside...
Yugao is delighted by the weakening of the Hatae Clan.
Thanks to your efforts, Hatae has significantly weakened. Shall I begin by praising your hard work?
Thank you very much.
Yugao’s annoyance with the Chief and the others is serving as a good cover.
If she finds out what I’m really doing, I’ll surely be dead.
On the other hand, Julia’s movements are suspicious...
And the topic on everyone’s lips... fuxx. Wrap up your investigation on that matter quickly.
If it’s not resolved... you know what will happen, right, boy?
Yes, ma’am...
Pretending to comply is called “hiding one’s true intentions.”
I am truly a person who hides his true intentions.
Hey, the Hound is here...!
If he finds out I’m involved with fuxx, I’ll get arrested again...
While I put my heart into spreading fuxx, to the other prisoners, I’m just an annoying dog.
I can’t investigate other gambling dens when I’m so recognizable.
That’s why I’ve decided to disguise myself.
What’s with that look...?
I’m Half-Naked Man.
......
I’m... Half-Naked Man.
My distinctive features are being completely naked and bald.
So as long as I have hair, nobody will recognize me.
...is what... Sister Julia said.
......
Since I’m wearing a wig, I’m not completely naked.
So with this disguise, I’m Half-Naked Man.
Does it work?
It hides your true identity, but...
Your ridiculous stupidity is overflowing.
I have decided to infiltrate a gambling den that is said to be held on weekdays.
The den is small compared to ours.
They mainly play traditional card games.
Despite that, there are quite a few people, and the room is filled with excitement.
By the time I enter, a dispute is already sparking.
Huh?! What do you mean this IOU is invalid?!
Umm... I don’t have any recollection of that... I don’t know, so I can’t pay...
The situation is just as the rumors said.
In order to keep transactions flowing smoothly, if someone can’t pay in fuxx on the spot, they’ll issue an IOU instead.
However, lately, there have been stories of fake IOUs in circulation.
I took this as a form of debt, so pay up!
I told you... Aha, hahaha...! Oh no... It’s too... funny...! I don’t know about... That’s... I... Ah!
Some prisoners ignore the IOUs while others end up with fake IOUs that are passed off as forms of debt.
S-Should I tattle on you to the bosses...? Hehe, if you keep borrowing and lending... you’ll get written up for Illicit Exchange, you know...!
You can make as many IOUs as you want.
There’s no contract enforcement inside the facility, so there’s no way to give them 
In other words, you can get away with feigning ignorance.
...Watch out for anyone who runs out of money, kid.
Before starting this business, the Chief gave a warning.
You never know what they’ll try to pull. When people get put in a corner, they’ll do
Why?
Basically, it turns them dumb. No matter how smart people might be, if their brains aren’t working, they won’t act like it. They’ll pull suicidal stunts thinking they’re being clever.
If you think things are gonna get dicey, then always bring a bodyguard. Be smart before anyone else can get stupid. That’s the key to successfully navigating the underworld.
So, please just give up and cry yourself to sleep... Cry yourself to sleep...
Money problems can drive anyone to despair.
Their thinking ability declines, and they stop following the rules.
It can even lead to deep divisions among friends and family.
Even if they’re yours, you may never get your fuxx back.
At this rate, the fuxx system itself may collapse.
Hehe...
Everything is going according to our plan.
(END)
After all, no one wants to give up the veritable convenience of fuxx.
But if fake IOUs start circulating, no one will be able to borrow money.
In other words, the gambling dens will shrink and the circulation will decrease.
Unless those debts take on 
All we need is a source of power everyone can believe in.
So basically, what we need is a symbol of trust that everyone can recognize, right?
The religious professional who turns faith into money smiles gently.
Is this what you want, dear Shuichiro?
She hands over a seal.
It has an ornate carving of a tulip.
This is a seal used for official documents in Tulip Prison.
Only those with the rank of Captain or above, who have decision-making power, can have this. So I don’t think there will be any counterfeits, right?
The effect of that seal is truly tremendous.
Because it is a seal already used in the prison, it has sufficient recognition.
And since it is issued by the prison itself, its binding power is unquestionable.
I don’t have any money left, and now my dick head won’t turn...! I’ll write an IOU...!
It didn’t turn to begin with. And no one will trust an IOU without the Tulip seal. Borrow from there and pay it back.
Hey there! We’re Clothes Forgo Bank!
If people believe they can trust us...
...everyone will start borrowing from us.
So, in order to create that situation, we should start by spreading fake IOUs, right?
The Chief speaks with admiration.
If everyone realizes that nothing without a seal is binding, then they’ll have no choice but to borrow from ‘Clothes Forgo Bank!’
I thought that if there were no competition, our profits won’t decrease.
I am the one who came up with this plan.
Did you come up with it all by yourself?
Yeah, it was inspired by Eroducer.
I wanted to try what he was talking about on the inside.
That guy brought the hierarchy of the outside world into the facility and did whatever he wanted.
By doing something similar, but with even more force behind it... even I might have a chance to win.
I thought about it a lot when I was in solitary. I had plenty of time. After that, I secluded myself in the library and refined it.
But this plan depends on the situation, so we’ll have to be on standby for a long time. That will be quite irksome.
Irksome?
He means it’ll be a giant pain.
That’s so unexpected... I thought you were more of an idiot.
It’s thanks to Chisato.
When I’m with her, I become smarter.
So she’s your driving force, huh, kid?
I just can’t imagine you coming up with all this on your own.
It’s all for Chisato’s sake.
Once trust is established, the resistance against borrowing steadily decreases.
If I have another go... It will be odd... It will definitely be odd! It statistically has to happen! Fuxx... I need my fuxx back!
Naturally, the guards generally have more money than the prisoners, but they have started borrowing money readily.
And before anyone realizes it...
...both the guards and the prisoners have started using only “Clothes Forgo Bank.”
Today, we issued twenty-six IOUs. One hundred thirty-one in total this week.
Kurebayashi strictly manages the large number of IOUs that are issued.
Based on this data, we rank and categorize the guards and prisoners into ‘affluent,’ ‘middle,’ and ‘poverty’ classes.
We use the affluent class as decoys, take a moderate amount from the middle class, and squeeze the poverty class to the extreme.
Since the payday for fuxx is fixed, it’s easy to calculate the interest rate and continue to exploit them until they die.
Kurebayashi manages the flow of fuxx solely based on the numbers.
As long as they don’t qualify for the incentive system, we know when they’ll have fuxx on hand. After that, it’s just a matter of threatening them, beating them, or using thugs to steal from them.
No matter how much I think about it, I don’t get how these theories translate into reality.
Hoho, Ms. Kurebayashi has become quite the villain, hasn’t she?
I’m just efficient, that’s all.
Kurebayashi and the Chief are more talented than I ever imagined.
The more people who borrow, the more collections increase.
My fuxx for this month has arrived, motherfucker. Now I can have a prisoner that’s a skilled artist draw some homo illustrations!
All right, time to collect.
Heyyyy, what the hell are you doing?! Ahhhh!
I don’t care if your brain is rotten. Aren’t you forgetting something important?
S-Sorry... sorry...
If you understand the fuxx system, collections aren’t that difficult.
The deadline for my debt is tomorrow, but... it’s too much trouble. I don’t feel like moving...
It’s not a big deal. They’re only prisoners doing the lending, so they can’t complain if we default. It’s actually pretty cheap as a learning fee for them, right?
My, oh my...? So the exemplary correctional officers, who should be role models for everyone, don’t return what they borrow? I think that could affect your evaluations a bit.
Ah, no... No, it was just a joke! I’m actually very serious and always return what I borrow, even if it’s just an umbrella when it suddenly starts raining. Hahaha...
......
We’ve decided to rely on Sister Julia’s power to collect from the guards.
I don’t think it really concerns me, but I wonder if something’s going on over there...
Dear Sofurin, you can just keep doing what you’re doing. It’s a promise, okay?
Uh, huh...?
Collecting from the lowest-ranking people who resist involves a bit of a brute force method.
I told you! Hand it over already!
I-I don’t have anything...! I really don’t! I can’t do anything about it...
Then do jump payments.
J-Jump...?
I said do jump payments!
Boing, boing...
......
......
That means just pay the interest!
Is there some trouble?
Ah, it’s Half-Naked Man...! Mwah, mwah...
Stop licking my shoes every time you see me.
So, you’re the kind of woman who would easily lick a pussy for about a thousand yen, right? But you can’t even return the fuxx? That’s what you’re saying?
I-I want to return the money... but I don’t have any left...
I see.
Even if I want to return it, I can’t... There’s nothing I can do...
Then do something entertaining.
Gambling is forbidden...! It’s not my fault...!
How about we see a magic trick?
I’ve never done magic before! I can’t do it!
Do some magic!
If you show mercy when collecting, they’ll start taking advantage of you and won’t return the money.
From... ngh... this cloth... ghh... comes... a flower...!
You must be extremely thorough.
Hurry up and take it out.
Hnnngh... Ugh... I... I can’t...!
I’d prefer money to flowers, you know.
But killing them wouldn’t make any sense.
Don’t let them live and don’t let them die. Slowly torment them.
That’s the golden rule of moneylenders, it said in a book.
If there are many gambling dens, there will be more people in debt.
The calculation of the profit margin is complete. It’s another upward revision. We should be able to record a profit of thirty million fuxx by the end of the month.
All right.
The interest from every gambling den in the prison accumulates here.
And because the venues are scattered, the risk of crackdowns decreases.
I’ve finished collecting from the laundry room gambling den! It’s roughly 1.3 million fuxx.
Good work.
We’ve built a system where the profits pour in while we sit.
All right, place your bets!
Once the flow of water starts, it can’t be stopped.
Odd! Odd!
The water we know as fuxx keeps flowing.
No more evens! I don’t wanna see any more of that shit in front of me!
Guard and prisoner alike, everyone in the facility has been engulfed in the fuxx frenzy.
In this way, the labor incentive called “fuxx” that no one used to care about...
......
...has become a passport that can get you anywhere.
Both you and the Chief said you get irritated when you see Chisato.
I ask Kurebayashi about it.
At first, the Chief used to shout a lot at her, didn’t she? She told her, ‘Don’t be so wishy-washy.’
Does she still do that?
Now I’m not sure. We haven’t seen her for a while, and after a while, that muffled voice of hers...
Hmm... Now that you say that, maybe ‘irritated’ isn’t the right word.
Sometimes... I get an unpleasant feeling, like I’m walking on a road without streetlights... It gives me the creeps.
Yugao said the same thing.
The Chief would probably say the same thing if I asked.
Well, I’ve never been that interested in other people. It doesn’t bother me that much.
Whether it’s her aura or because of her eye, she has something that makes people feel uneasy.
I imagined that I might be swallowed up by that pitch-black darkness.
But you didn’t care from the beginning, did you? You loved everything about Little Miss Gloomy, even to the point where you would get involved in a wicked scheme like this.
If I had never seen her eye...
...I don’t think I would have understood.
I read the Tulip Times every day.
As I flip through the pages, I let out a small sigh.
......
I now have two faces.
On the surface, I am a loyal dog who sucks up to Captain Yugao.
And in secret, I am a powerful figure who controls the majority of fuxx.
......
It’s taken me a while to get to this point.
I wonder if I’m too late.
What I have been eagerly waiting for is not in today’s issue either.
............
.........
......
...
It’s been so long since a day felt this long...
Locked away in a small, dark, underground cell.
......
Every day, I endure while listening to someone else’s moans.
For me, this is just my normal routine.
I must kill my emotions to survive in this place.
I am just a doll that feels nothing.
I can’t maintain my sense of self in this emptiness without losing my heart.
......
And yet, I find myself daydreaming.
About the ending of that story.
Would it be interesting if it unfolded like that?
What if that event happened? How would it be?
What kind of fireworks would surprise him...?
Ah...
And then, I suddenly realize what I’m doing.
There’s no point in speculating about that anymore.
There’s no chance I’ll ever finish writing it.
I’ll never see him again.
Thinking this way, strangely, my chest starts to ache.
I can’t kill my heart properly.
I can’t lose my emotions.
And I come to know the length of eternity.
Ngh...
To forget everything, I reach down to my private area.
Only while comforting myself can I lose track of time.
Ugh... Nn...
I must not think of anyone.
I must not remember anyone’s face.
I surrender myself to the numbing sensation.
Ah...
Then, my eyes catch something.
It’s a small leather pencil case.
It’s quite shabby with frayed edges, and it can’t be called beautiful by any means.
And yet, I...
Ngh... ah...
Somehow, my heart fills up.
It overflows with a feeling of affection.
But that, in turn, makes me crushingly sad.
Ohh...
I hold the pencil case tight to my chest.
(END)
Kid, we’re running short on manpower. It’s about time you learned how to shuffle properly.
One day, the Chief says this as she opens a new pack of cards.
This is called a riffle shuffle. You split the deck in half and point the top corners towards each other, then shuffle the cards together in an alternating pattern.
Sounds cool.
That’s a
And when you split the cards into multiple piles and reconstruct the deck, it’s called a strip shuffle.
Usually two riffles, one strip, and one more riffle is enough to get a good mix. Can you do it?
Nope.
You’ll get the hang of it with practice.
I’m good with a different kind of strip...
......
Shall I show you?
Hurry up and cut.
All right.
The Chief is scary when she gets quiet.
Don’t hover the cards too much over the table, you’ll flash them. Don’t bend ’em either, that shit leaves a mark.
She’s scary when she’s teaching, too.
I’ve never cut this many at once.
For baccarat and blackjack, you need to use six or eight decks. Get used to it.
After all, the house makes the most profit from baccarat. It’s annoying when a shortage of dealers leads to missed opportunities and significant losses.
Now, spread them out like I taught you.
Ta-daa...
You’re not spacing them out right. Make it even, like this.
The Chief fans the cards out in an elegant spread.
Look—this is a fresh deck, so all the numbers are lined up. We have to mix them up so this doesn’t happen, right?
Veritably.
We don’t wanna hold up the game, so you’ve gotta shuffle fast and neat.
If we don’t do it properly, it won’t be a fair game.
Exactly. It’s all for the sake of a fair game.
You say that, but...
The Chief is skilled with her hands, and not least with card tricks.
Once you can do this, you’ll be ready to learn how to make it
Listen, cheating in a casino ain’t a one-man job. It’s a team effort, that’s the basic rule.
So, make sure you can at least cut the deck properly without holding us back. Got it?
Got it.
But I haven’t practiced my shuffling much.
I’ve been more absorbed in something else.
It is something very important.
What are you doing, Number 0720?
As I am investigating, Sofurin comes over.
Are you investigating the fuxx issue? If you’ve found something, let me know. I still have no idea about the recent uproar...
Not involving her in this matter is also one of the promises I made to Kurebayashi.
Captain, I found an interesting book.
What’s it about?
It’s called ‘Make Money Like I Make Babies: Confessions of a Procreative Gambler.’
......
It’s about a gambler who has been banned from various casinos, talking about his feelings and how to win at the gamble called life.
Sounds interesting...
I have completely captured Sofurin’s interest.
Once I understand the general process, I head to the cafeteria.
Come in.
I hand over a stack of fuxx bills and am allowed to enter.
You’re quite the enthusiast, aren’t you?! Wanting to cook at this hour.
The thing that I had asked for before Ozawa was thrown into solitary has already been prepared.
It is the blind gut of a cow.
The smuggler can get anything you need into this prison, so long as it’s neither sexual nor sweet.
......
First, I have to turn this inside out and soak it in sodium hydroxide for about five hours.
May I borrow a knife?
Here, use this!
I am handed a knife.
In return, I hand over another stack of fuxx bills.
......
Using the knife, I carefully remove the capillaries and sinew from the blind gut.
When I’m done with that, it’s nice and smooth.
Good God, that stinks! I think my nose is going to explode! Are you making smoked dick cheese or something?!
And after I smoke it with a frying pan and hydrogen sulfide, it’s complete.
The dried blind gut has become a long, white, mysterious object.
When it’s done, I strip naked and try putting it on.
After I moisten it, “it” sticks nicely and fits well.
Exhibitiman, the boss is calling, ew!
The female inmate on duty today notices.
......
Is that a pocket pussy...?
Just a... crotch sock.
Startled by her voice, I exert too much force and “it” tears.
With such low durability, it will not be practical to actually use. Unfortunately, this attempt seems to be a failure.
......
Here... take this.
To keep her quiet, I hand over a stack of fuxx bills.
Her eyes spin, and she smiles like a little girl.
Bosses’re calling for you, saying to come to ‘that’ room quickly. I wonder which room it is?
Got it. Thanks, bro.
I remove the torn item and quickly prepare myself, then head off.
The place she calls the torture room is lit with faint moonlight, as always.
Both Hatae’s faction and Julia’s are gradually losing power... Your recent performance has been remarkable, boy.
Big thank you very much, bro.
Thanks to my work, those who cause trouble with fuxx are actively put into solitary confinement.
With Yugao at its core, the SST has become the largest force without anyone realizing it.
However... you still haven’t figured out the origin of the fuxx, have you?
But the sudden popularity of fuxx is a nuisance to Yugao.
Due to our position, we cannot investigate the detailed situation of the prisoners.
Yugao’s one weakness is that she is unable to understand the prisoners’ state of affairs.
Are Julia’s sheep trying to throw their lives away to attack us...? Or have Hatae’s thugs lost sight of the big picture?
She can’t get a grasp on the money that is circulating between guards and prisoners.
It’s very strange, isn’t it...?
......
Are you certain you want to be resting on your laurels, boy?
This manuscript... I might not keep it around much longer, you know?
She holds the pages over a candle flame.
Please wait a little longer.
I will definitely capture the culprit.
My strategy should be working.
Big please, bro.
She must be taking some amount of psychological damage as well.
Well then, you know what you need to do, right?
Yet Yugao doesn’t seem to be in a hurry.
Do your best... boy.
Her reaction is beyond odd—it’s eerie.
However, the fuxx circulation is going smoothly.
Whaaaat...?! My money, my fuxx... it’s gone again...!
The casino is thriving, always thronged with dozens of people.
You already owe nearly fifty million fuxx, ma’am.
Gah... no...
But as the money naturally flows, law and order within the facility deteriorate.
Back when I was a consultant, one of my clients was the director of a pay-to-win mobile game with a fondness for cunnilingus. He said, ‘The road to prison is paved with good foreplay.’
Aaaahhhhhhh!
Guh...! Grraa!
I’ll throw her out.
Are you sure?
We’ll just have a little talk.
I grab her by the collar and lead her outside.
What do you want?
Agh... I... I know... I’ve been watching you ever since you took the mediator’s job away from me...!
You’re the mastermind behind all this, aren’t you...?!
......
So, um, hehe... I know you’re the one with the most fuxx, hehehe...
After experiencing various chaotic situations, I have become less easily shaken.
So, heheh... please give me the fuxx you’ve been hoarding... Give it to me...
......
People are scary when they get to the point where they’re willing to do anything for their goals.
You know, I’m scary too.
Huh?
That was quick. You know if you needed to dish out some discipline, you could’ve brought some of my young bloods with you?
Once I explained, she understood.
I wipe my throbbing fist with a towel as I speak.
A half-assed beating will only get you a grudge, you know?
I don’t need to worry about Crappymori. She’s easy to understand.
Well, once you start scoring grudges, you’ll be a true adult, kid.
People have grudges against you, too, Chief?
Heh, if everybody with a hate-on for me wanted to play baseball, they wouldn’t have a team, they’d have a goddamn Minor League.
I’m glad it’s not a Major League.
Take that Yugao brat, for example.
The Chief knows that Yugao has her eye on her.
The guards are grateful for people like us, but they hate our guts at the same time. Must be a real drag, having to listen to prisoners.
We keep a lookout for prying eyes as we switch rooms.
They have power. That’s why we need to settle things as soon as possible... How are the cards going, kid?
Like this.
When I try to shuffle them, they end up scattered all over the floor.
Good grief. I can’t tell if you’re skillful or clumsy.
Even if I can’t do it, it’s fine because you can, Chief.
The fuxx will keep flowing even if I’m not here.
That’s how the system works.
Setting it up that way was my job.
I wonder... how much cash would we have if we converted it now, Ms. Kurebayashi?
It’s a little over twenty million. It’ll probably reach thirty million by next month.
The initial ten million I received from Sister Julia continues to increase.
And it will continue to increase in the future.
As long as there is a pool of fuxx, it will be eternal.
Yes, that pool.
The main reason why this “Little Prison Operation” is going well is because we have funds.
If there is an abundant supply of fuxx, the house will be stable.
This is because gambling is all about averages, and sometimes we let the customers win—in other words, sometimes we lose.
Without funds, we can’t act as we wish.
So, the large amount of fuxx you first discovered is still our lifeline.
I am still the only one managing the fuxx bills.
No one else knows the location of the fuxx stash.
Is it really hidden somewhere where no one can find it?
It’s safe... probably.
I’ve been hiding things ever since I first came to Tulip Prison.
So, it shouldn’t be found... probably.
Speaking of the stash, let’s be real here—if we ever betrayed you, it’d be game over in no time.
If that happened, it would mean that I wasn’t capable enough.
I’ve staked my life.
In other words, I’ve entrusted my life to them.
I trust everyone.
If that trust gets me killed, then so be it.
Still, I believe in the two of them.
But what about Sister Julia?
Asks the Chief.
Can you truly trust that woman with your life?
......
I only trust people whom I am willing to be betrayed by.
The fact that I don’t have that level of trust in Sister Julia is undeniable.
Sheesh. Never thought things would escalate this much.
Mr. Kugitani has a bewildered expression on his face.
I close the Tulip Times issue I was reading.
I promised to make you a profit.
There’s a limit to everything.
It’s over six million in profit. I can’t spend that much.
Save it up for when you get out.
Maybe I’ll learn golf instead of gateball when I retire. That wouldn’t be bad. Leisurely and boring days.
I can’t join you, but I’ll support you.
Mr. Kugitani has a puzzled expression on his face.
How did you manage to come this far?
It’s just like you said before, Mr. Kugitani.
Mr. Kugitani furrows his brow even more.
I think to myself that I don’t know if I’ll be able to leave this place, but I want at least him to have a good time.
In order to do that, please make more profit.
You’re making more profit for me than I am for myself. It’s too much. I need to return the favor.
Do you need anything? I’ll get anything for you. However...
‘No sexual stuff, and nothing you can get officially inside the prison.’
That’s right.
When he asks me what I need, what I have been wanting comes to mind.
Well, there is one thing...
What is it? Spit it out.
Well, it’s just...
For some reason, it’s hard to say.
If we’re talking about whether it’s something sexual, then it’s something sexual...
Hey, what is it?
But depending on how you look at it... uh...
Haha, that’s unusual for you. It’s like a high school student buying condoms for the first time.
......!
I feel incredibly embarrassed.
I’ve always had confidence in myself, so this is a fresh feeling.
Well then, do you have any information you want? If there’s anything I can tell you, I’ll even tell you the number of hairs on my ass.
In that case...
I recall a conversation with the Chief.
Up until recently, she was pulling in our young members and doing something with them.
I don’t know the details... but there were people leaving the Hatae Clan.
And... you know, what Agatsuma wants is something she could get real easy if she ever teamed up with Yugao.
......
So watch your back around Agatsuma, kid.
I want to know more about Sister Julia.
Agatsuma, the nun? Unfortunately, there’s no information about her. And not just me, I mean no one knows anything about her.
No one?
She doesn’t talk about herself. Always smiling on the surface, but her soul is cloudy. She helps the weak and brings down the strong—or at least that’s the front she uses to maintain her support.
That’s the feeling I get too.
The only thing I know is that she’s the second daughter of the head of a huge company. Rumor has it that the company rakes in hundreds of billions of yen every year.
I don’t really understand.
What was the annual income of your father and the allowance you got, Exhibitiman?
I think it was around six million yen. I got a monthly allowance of five thousand yen.
Think of it as her being from a family that gives five hundred million yen in allowance every month.
I got ten yen when I gave a shoulder massage.
Well, that would be one million yen in her case.
What?! That’s amazing.
Mr. Kugitani adds that, of course, that’s not exactly the amount of money she has.
I’ve overheard one of the officers wondering why the woman does this low-paying work as a prison guard when she’s got to be loaded.
It’s about time for the break to end.
Mr. Kugitani stands up and throws his cigarette on the ground.
If I can investigate more, I’ll dig a little deeper. You’re a good business partner, after all.
Yeah, I’m counting on you.
I watch him leave, and I look up at the sky.
I didn’t know that Sister Julia was the heiress of such a famous company.
I wonder what kind of life it is to get one million yen just for a shoulder massage.
Well, one million yen can disappear surprisingly quickly, you know?
......?!
Are you that interested in me, dear Shuichiro?
I can’t find the words to respond.
Well, if you
She chuckles and leans in close to my ear.
...How about I invite you to an interesting place, this evening...?
(END)
