Afterward, I am taken onto a ship.
It seems that first-class prisoners are allowed to leave the island a few times a month for recreation.
The destination is a neighboring island near the facility.
It is called “Ukkon Island.”
A lot of Christians used to live here in hiding, probably because it’s so secluded.
To avoid scrutiny over my absence, I offered a human sacrifice to Yugao again today.
Sister Julia’s obedient followers follow her commands unbelievably willingly.
Nagasaki had Dejima and the famous rebellion of Shimabara nearby. Did you learn about it in school?
I think we covered it in history class.
Along the way the residents of the island, who appear to be believers, bow their heads to Sister Julia.
|Beche!| Now, I’ve bought this island and turned it into a ‘Perverse Orthofuxy’ retreat.
She must have used the power of her religion, which was already deeply rooted on this island, to take over its management and operations.
The church is just about to start mass. Would you like to take a look...?
Sister Julia opens the heavy doors.
A strong, sweet scent wafts out.
Inside, people are indulging in their desires, letting go of their rationality.
Many of my followers are very serious people. Since most of them happen to be first-class prisoners, I happen to let them blow off steam like this.
......
I feel an unpleasant ringing in my ears, so I cover them.
Oh... It’s Sister Julia!
Sisteeeer! Give us your holy words!
In response to the enthusiastic cheers, she springs forward into the center.
Hehe, it is me, Sister Julia. I’m very pleased to see everyone offering such fervent prayers to God.
First, God created a man, and then He created a woman. He gave them different genitals so that pleasure could be born through sexual intercourse.
Therefore, sexual intercourse is a sacred act bestowed upon us by our Lord. In other words, it can be said that it is the act that God desires the most.
To dedicate that pleasure to God is the best way to ascend to the Kingdom of Heaven!
Now, everyone, please put on your faces the smile of pleasure! That is the most important act of prayer! Arameolapif!
Instead of applause, the pounding sounds become louder.
Double peace signs and almost painfully exaggerated O-faces abound among the believers.
It’s a sacred act to offer prayers to the Lord. Dear Shuichiro, would you like to join?
Not interested.
They seem completely brainwashed, I think to myself.
I see... It’s a bit difficult to talk here. Shall we go somewhere else?
We arrive at the basement.
There are dozens of computers lined up, creating a suspicious atmosphere.
It feels like a secret base.
This is a secret room that not even dear Captain Hazuki and Warden Mizushiro know about.
......
Sister Julia relaxes on the sofa.
On the table, there are three empty wine bottles and two glasses.
Dear Shuichiro, would you like to have a drink? It’s cheap stuff, but it’s refreshing and delicious.
Did you drink all of this?
Yes, I finished it earlier. It always ends up like this before the sabbath. Ahaha, don’t worry. I have a high tolerance for alcohol.
The back of the room has been turned into a wine cellar, and half of the bottles are empty.
Drinking too much is... not good for your body.
If you only do things that are good for your body, it’s bad for your spirit.
She tilts her glass and empties it in one gulp.
I wouldn’t be able to handle it if I didn’t drink... It’s the way the world is these days.
She seems to be singing.
Perhaps it is due to the alcohol or maybe something else.
How much does a bottle like that cost?
Oh, the ones here are cheap.
Around seven hundred yen?
Around one hundred sixty thousand yen, I think?
......
As expected, one shoulder massage is worth one million yen.
It seems like she doesn’t have to worry about money.
This is... a nice facility with many possible uses.
Our organization consists of ten thousand members, so it’s built by everyone’s olapif.
What is olapif?
It’s like a form of merit. There are various terms like that, you know.
It seems there are a lot of words like that in religion.
But I’m not particularly interested in that. Instead...
What was that earlier?
I told you, it was mass. They were offering prayers and orgasms to the Lord.
That was my first time hearing about Perverse Orthofuxy.
Well, you know how they name things in the penitentiary. |I| didn’t come up with it.
Is it some kind of Christian sect?
No, not really. Its origin isn’t either Catholicism or Protestantism, I don’t think.
Is sex necessary?
It’s about the importance of smiling during sex, you see.
Why is that?
It’s a way of thinking that’s similar to Buddhism. Like chanting a mantra to reach paradise. Hahaha!
Hm...?
Ah, well, there happened to be a religious group made up of naïve young people that was just right, so I recently started hiring them.
In other words, she has taken over a religious organization.
It looks like she would do anything to achieve her goals.
So... after seeing mass, what did you think?
I didn’t really think anything.
But no matter what Sister Julia does, it doesn’t concern me.
I don’t care about what you do.
As long as she isn’t an enemy to us.
But I’m still unsure if I can trust you.
Oh, are you dissatisfied with my work?
Your work is perfect. Big thanks, bro.
Then why not? I’ve always been trusted by others, you know.
Is that so?
If you have doubts, let me give you another interesting piece of information.
It seems that our dear Hazuki is afraid of dark places. She never turns off the lights when she sleeps and refuses to enter places without light.
Maybe it’s a childhood trauma?
I did have a hunch about that.
For example, the torture chamber.
If Yugao is afraid of the dark... That explains why she always turns on the lights whenever she appears, and why she has guards with her in dark places.
And another thing, she never trusts anyone else. She always does the most important things herself.
So, if you want to hide the fuxx, you should put it in a completely dark place...
Those kinds of places... are creepy.
It’s good enough that Sister Julia provided us with some money and a few people.
I believe that for her, putting in a little effort to achieve maximum results is her condition for cooperation.
But you easily handed over your seal. That should have been a high-risk move.
Even the information I just got could be used for a deal to hide the fuxx here.
And yet, I just blurt it out.
Why did you cooperate with me, Sister Julia?
Maybe it’s because I like your behavioral pattern?
My behavioral pattern?
It comes down to principles. Remember when I asked you why you were doing this?
If I answered revenge, would you not have cooperated?
No, revenge would have been fine. I think it’s a wonderful goal.
I believe most religious people would say that revenge never leads to anything good.
Oh, that’s not true.
She puts her index fingers to her lips and pulls them, demonstrating.
Perverse Orthofuxy’s doctrine is all about ‘smiles.’ If revenge can make you smile, then I approve.
It is a horribly twisted smile.
By the way, I heard you’ve been making something strange recently. In the workers’ quarters.
How do you know?
I have a lot of prisoner followers, so my information network is wider than dear Hazuki’s when it comes to these things.
What you want is this, right, dear Shuichiro?
Sister Julia hands me a thin, square piece of plastic.
Here you go, a gift as a token of trust.
Conversation with her always makes me feel like I’m trying to grasp at clouds.
But is that all you want? As the heiress of a pharmaceutical company, I can provide something even more mind-blowing, you know?
I don’t want anything mind-blowing, so it’s fine.
There are also drugs with no side effects or dependency nowadays, you know? Like drugs that you don’t even need to measure out... hehehe.
I can’t grasp her true nature.
Maybe that’s the biggest reason why I can’t fully trust her.
I don’t need drugs.
Oh, why not?
I don’t like the bitterness.
Pfff, hahahaha!
I think you are also quite difficult to grasp, you know? Hehehe...
I always feel like Sister Julia is testing me.
Do you believe in God?
Perhaps “testing” isn’t the right word.
I already told you. I rely only on myself. I don’t depend on anyone else.
It feels like she’s investigating me in some way.
So, I don’t believe in God.
So, you’re the same as me, then?
Sister Julia speaks casually.
Then, she quietly stands up.
Since I was young... maybe because of my environment? I’ve always been very interested in medicine.
There were two rooms full of medical books in my family’s library, so studying was very convenient.
Our ancestors being the prestigious Minai family, many of the books were old and rare... like one that detailed the results of wartime experiments using methamphetamines, hehe.
Medicine, when used in the right amount, is gentle and calming to the body... but when used in excess, it becomes cold and intense... Many books taught me that obvious truth.
If that’s the case, then what would happen to a person if they exceed the regularly prescribed amount of medicine?
I was overflowing with childish curiosity, you see...
She stands in front of the shelf that was behind her and takes out two bottles from it.
The Agatsuma family is devoutly religious and very strict... so I would steal company medicine and bring it home.
The mansion was very large... and in the fifth annex, which I was so fond of, there was a basement that no one would come to.
It was supposedly built during the Meiji era to confine the late family head’s second son. He had gone insane.
It was very sturdy and designed to not let even the screams of insanity get through... It was the perfect place for experiments.
When she returns, she mixes the contents of the bottles together.
At first, it was insects. In the summer, cicadas and grasshoppers, and if there were none, cockroaches.
Then came small animals. Rats, hamsters, guinea pigs, rabbits, stray cats, and puppies.
And finally... humans.
She taps the glass—|clink.
There are many people in the world who need money. With the help of the maids in the house, I never had trouble finding people for clinical trials.
It was a great learning experience... There are limits to what you can learn on paper, after all.
She continues to smile.
Until I turned eighteen, I conducted various experiments besides medicine... and in the end, everyone always called out to ‘God.’
So I thought, maybe God... is inside people’s hearts.
Sister Julia smiles and downs the contents of the beaker.
Phew... If that’s the case, don’t you think any being can be a god?
If a person doesn’t believe in or rely on gods... can’t something serve as a substitute?
Anyone, even me...
Even you...
I don’t understand what she is thinking after all.
......
And as long as I don’t understand, I can’t tell whether or not I should trust her.
Ah, somehow... maybe because of the influence of mass, I also feel like offering prayers to God...
When I feel like this, the burning sensation just won’t subside... I really feel like going wild...
Suddenly, Sister Julia’s speech becomes unclear.
Won’t you please penetrate this nun’s lady parts with that meat stick of yours and stir it all up until we reach heaven?
Now I know what “rapture” means. It’s the look on her face right now.
Sex |does| have a tendency to loosen the lips...
If you really want to know about me... you won’t obtain the truth without delving deeper, you know?
I see. That’s certainly true.
I decide to fall into hell with her.
Then, right now... let’s have sex.
There’s just one way to judge the fruits of the underworld: I’m going to have to take a taste.
Is it all right? Don’t you have someone you care about?
Refusing your advances here won’t help me save her.
What I need now is... accurate information.
It might be an act of infidelity, you know?
What does my chastity have to do with saving Chisato?
I will always choose the method that will save her.
If that brings me closer to victory, I’ll do anything.
It seems that you’re not bluffing...
All right then. If you can satisfy my burning desire with that dick of yours with its twisted ethics, I promise I won’t betray you...
(END)
Now, it’s time for some fun and pleasurable sex. Let’s make it exciting!
She slides her apron aside and unabashedly exposes her crotch.
It feels strange to have a woman’s genitals being exposed right in front of me.
Enthusiasm is important for both greetings and sex, you know? Yay!
Yay.
Energy! Energy!
Energy. Energy.
Oh my... Despite that, it seems like your dick isn’t very lively, is it?
My shaft remains flaccid.
Is it because of the prison guard uniform?
It’s not because of that.
Many prisoners get excited by the feeling of having sex with a guard, you know.
It’s not that, either.
Is the age difference bothering you?
I can’t get hard unless I’m completely naked.
......
......
Sister Julia has a questioning expression on her face.
Well, it’s not that uncommon. Some people end up in the penitentiary because they have peculiar fetishes...
I’m only doing this to get information. Not really wanting to do it may also be a big reason.
......
Once again, Sister Julia has a questionable expression on her face.
Can I suck on it and make it bigger? I really like rolling a small dick around in my mouth to make it hard, hehe.
Either way is fine.
How about kissing while rubbing your dick on my vagina? I’m also good at getting guys hard with French kisses, you know.
I haven’t tried that, so I don’t know if it would make me hard.
Oh... Is it perhaps your first time?
It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that.
So, you’ve never done it with the gloomy girl?
If you mean getting a blowjob, then there was one occasion.
Well, you can’t call yourself experienced unless you’ve actually penetrated, you know?
......
Oh my... Hehe, shall I be gentle with you for your first time?
......
Now it’s my turn to make a questionable expression.
What’s the matter? As a prisoner, it’s your chance to lose your virginity, you know?
I don’t really want to do it...
Don’t you want your ten-year-sentence erection to go up and down like a dog and shoot inside my vagina?
I’m only doing this for Chisato’s sake...
I don’t understand why you’re sulking. It’s a pleasurable thing, you know? Energy, energy!
Energy, energy...
It seems like it’s difficult for me to get an erection.
Oh, by the way, this might be my first time having sex with a virgin too.
So it’s your first experience as well?
......
Shall I be gentle with you?
Ahahaha, you’re still a talkative little lamb, aren’t you?
Saying this, she shifts her hips slightly.
So, what do you think of my pussy? Don’t you think it’s pretty, considering how much I’ve used it?
She moves closer, seemingly so I can see it better.
The folds are a little wrinkled, but I’m proud of the vibrant pink color.
Is it because of the drugs?
It’s just my body. Oh, and my clitoris is bigger than average. I’ve played with it too much. Not all girls have the same shape, you know.
I see.
Go on, please get your face in a little closer...
My vagina is positioned a bit lower, so if you’re not used to it, putting it in might be difficult in the missionary position...
I see.
Come on, take a closer look... What do you think...?
It’s grotesque.
......
......
What do you think about the fact that every cute girl has a grotesque pussy like this one?
It turns me on.
That’s right. Very good.
I wonder if Chisato’s pussy is also grotesque.
I think that I would already be rock-hard if it was her.
Hehe. Because of my religious beliefs, I have to shave my pubic hair.
Here, touch the surface of my pussy. Mmm... It’s smooth, isn’t it?
It feels rough.
Is that so?
There’s some stubble left on your butt.
It’s better not to say those things to women, you know?
Why? I think it looks like when my dad forgot to shave his beard.
You always make such bad comparisons.
Dad...
Can you please not look for your father’s face in my pussy?
I hardly ever talked to my father, so...
Oh, is that so?! How sad! Ahahaha!
Sister Julia has a unique sense of humor.
All right, now try putting your finger inside.
It makes a squelch sound.
You’re putting your finger in my pussy up to the second knuckle...
Seems so.
It slips inside without much resistance.
How does it feel, experiencing a pussy for the first time?
It’s more comfortable than I thought.
It’s where the dick goes in, you know.
It’s slippery and hot.
It’s also because of the drugs, but do I have a disposition to get very wet.
Droplets of love juice drip down to the base of my finger.
There’s still further inside to go, so please continue.
I push deeper inside.
The base of my finger reaches her lady parts, preventing further movement.
That’s too bad. Dear Shuichiro, you can’t touch my cervix with your hand...
Is there a point in touching it?
Look, you have your finger inside a woman’s pussy. Ahh, it’s the first time in your life, right? How does it feel?
My finger feels like it’s cramping.
A foreign object like this can so easily enter the body. Isn’t it interesting?
It’s interesting when you put it that way.
You can also take it out and put it back in, you know? Please give it a try.
When I pull my finger out, there is a squelching sound.
Isn’t that neat?
It’s neat.
When I push back inside, there is hardly any resistance.
Ah, it feels good... You know, sex is all about feeling good with a smile.
You mustn’t cause pain to your partner. The only thing you should give them is pleasure.
I see, I think to myself.
Ah! Ah, ah, ah, it feels so good...
Her voice is loud, I think to myself.
Haa... Now, try bending your finger inward... Yes, that’s right, towards my belly...
This spot feels different.
Mmm... Right now, dear Shuichiro, the spot you’re touching... that’s the G-spot...
There’s a rough, grainy texture that feels strange to the touch.
This is apparently the G-spot.
This is my... place where I feel like a woman... In other words, it’s the switch that turns a devout nun into a woman...
I don’t really like the idea of distinguishing between men and women so much.
But we can’t deny the biological differences, can we?
Veritably.
Just as you have a dick, women have a G-spot.
That’s true.
What do you think about the fact that every woman has this part?
It turns me on.
That’s right! Very good! Dear Shuichiro, you catch on quickly.
Sister Julia repeats herself in a peculiar tone of voice.
Now... what shape is it actually...? We can’t see it because it’s inside the vagina... but aren’t you curious...?
Let’s imagine... What shape is the most pleasurable part inside Julia Agatsuma’s vagina...? What does it feel like...?
I imagined it.
What do you think?
It feels like uncooked offal.
......
Like the meat before it’s grilled.
That’s a very creative answer, well done.
Sister Julia likes to praise and encourage.
Now, explore that spot to your heart’s content, and just for now, make this captain your woman...
Here?
Aah, aaah... Haa, haaa, mm, haa... Aaaeeeeaahhh...
I wonder if she’s making those noises on purpose.
You have good control. The angle is important here, it’s not just about the strength. It’s actually better if we have the same rhythm, you know?
Is that so?
Perhaps it’s your typical anxious virgin nerves that make you successful in this area.
......
Dear Shuichiro, you’re still just a child, so it’s not strange for you to still be a virgin, you know?
It’s humiliating.
I’m in a similar situation too. I haven’t had my first love yet, but I have a lot of sex...
I’ve already had my first love.
Was it with your kindergarten teacher?
No, it’s someone from this facility.
That gloomy girl?
No, Rin Hanamaru.
......
......
Ah, hee...!
Aahahaha!
So... Dear Shuichiro, your first love was dear Hanamaru, and your first experience is going to be with me?!
......
Having your first love be dear Hanamaru, how pitiful... Oh, Lord... pfff, haha... I’m sorry, hehe...!
I’m learning for the first time that even the inside of her vagina shakes when she laughs.
After a while, I pull my finger out of her vagina.
Mmm... ngh... Ah, you’re good at fingering. I smell potential...!
Her love juices are very clear.
There are no sticky strands.
Oh, your hand’s all soaked in my love juices... You can lick it if you want.
Ughhh...
Ahahaha!
Disgusting...!
What is it with you?
Her unique smell makes me never want to lick it again.
Maybe if she were someone I liked, I wouldn’t mind so much, I think to myself...
Well, I’m a bit uncertain if that could be called foreplay, but... shall we move on to putting it in?
Already?
Because your dick has gotten bigger, you know, dear Shuichiro?
I look at my lower body.
My shaft has somehow become stiff and erect.
Hehe, it looks impressive... Please put your virgin dick into my vagina...
Put it in. In other words, sexual intercourse.
Come to think of it, they said reckless sex was dangerous in health and physical education classes at school.
Please give me a condom.
Oh? Don’t you want to put it in without one?
It’ll be a problem if we have a child.
Humans don’t get pregnant so easily, you know?
My sister always told me to wear a condom when the time comes...
You have a responsible sister.
She said it’s only okay to finish inside in erotic manga.
I take birth control pills, so it’s okay. I hate periods.
She apparently takes the pill because she dislikes having periods.
It reduces the pain. But depending on their body, some people shouldn’t take them.
Come to think of it, my sister said something like that too.
And yet, dear Hazuki gets irritated and lashes out, and dear Sofurin keeps crying all the time. They must really love having periods, mustn’t they?
Are there people who actually enjoy it?
There probably are, don’t you think? Humans love painful things, right?
Hormonal balance seems like a difficult thing, I think to myself.
I prefer feeling good. It makes me feel alive.
So intercourse is your life force?
......
If it makes you feel alive...
That killed the mood for me.
...intercourse is your life force...
Can you stop that?
She gives me a strange look.
You’re really desperate for the effects of the drug to wear off, aren’t you?
I don’t think it was that bad...
I feel really remorseful.
If you keep having sex like this with no passion, even the gloomy girl will hate you, you know?
That would really be a problem.
Because really, nothing goes less smoothly than sex between a virgin and a virgin, you know?
I want to gain the proper knowledge.
I think it wouldn’t hurt to gain some experience in preparation for sex with Chisato.
I don’t want her to experience any pain.
Well, you can think of me as your practice partner, okay? Just don’t let it show in your attitude, all right?
Why not?
Because it will help you pretend to be human.
She invites me to her genitals.
Now let me teach you. How someone like me can navigate this world successfully...
I think it would be a good experience, so I decide to take it seriously.
Now, put your hands together... ‘Thank you for the meal.’
......?
You say it too, okay, dear Shuichiro?
Why?
When you eat, you say ‘Thank you for the meal,’ right? Well, you’re about to devour me, so it’s proper sex etiquette to say that before putting it in.
Oh, I see.
Although, I’m the one who will be eating your dick with my pussy...
Hahaha, he believed me... This first bite gets more interesting when I think he’s going to be doing this with other women...
Sister Julia is knowledgeable.
This is very educational, I think to myself.
Well then, thank you for the meal.
Yes, thank you for the meal.
I put my hands together in prayer.
And then I put it in.
Now, thrust your hips... Ah, yes, just like that. A little bit more from below, can you see? Push it up and in diagonally... Yes.
......
If I were to express it as an onomatopoeia, it would be a “squish” sound.
In no time at all, my whole dick is in up to the base.
Congratulations, dear Shuichiro, you’ve graduated from being a virgin.
Sister Julia claps her hands happily.
Take a look at the point where we’re connected, won’t you? Oh, my... My pussy is being penetrated by your dick...
......!
Tell me your thoughts.
It’s... hot... like it’s on fire.
Mm-hmm.
It’s my first time feeling this sensation, but...
Oh, it feels so good.
...it’s all mushy, I can’t really tell.
It feels good, doesn’t it? I’m often told that it’s tight.
Huh? Chisato’s mouth feels better.
......
It feels... kind of weird...
Generally speaking, fellatio feels better than penetration.
Because there’s no tongue movement, it’s very monotonous.
But the pussy has more contact surface, so you can enjoy the sensation.
It feels like there’s less stimulation.
I can pleasure you better than her with my mouth, you know.
It’s just my dick in a chunk of flesh.
How about this, then?
......!
Suddenly, the base of my dick is squeezed intensely.
Ouch...!
Does it hurt? Well, how about this?
The part touching my tip starts to move like waves.
Once you get used to it, you can do a lot with your pussy.
......!
Hehe. Doesn’t it feel better than a blowjob from a virgin?
It... It doesn’t feel better...!
Ahahaha! That’s not what your face says, is it?
The movement of her vagina is incredibly complex.
She really is an older woman, I think to myself.
Well, what do you think? The moist and squishy inside of my pussy feels really good, doesn’t it?
Ugh... guh...
I won’t do this motion for too long, you know.
Ugh... haa...
Because it really is tiring...
I’m sorry.
Seeing her expression, which looks genuinely tired, I apologize sincerely.
Since putting it in, I haven’t moved a muscle.
Phew... But... it’s hitting a good spot... the back ridge... It feels really good...
This... seems very promising...
Sister Julia looks at me with expectant, intoxicated eyes.
See... don’t you think it feels better doing it raw...?
I wouldn’t know because I’ve never used a condom...
Ahaha. Without one feels good, you know? If you use a condom, the heat doesn’t transmit.
If you calculate your ovulation day, you can reduce the chances of getting pregnant, you know? It’s better to have sex raw.
You can... calculate it...?
Well, humans can get pregnant even during their period, so as long as it feels good, anything goes.
Her sense of ethics is messed up, I think to myself.
Well then, shall we start moving our hips soon?
While still gripping onto my tip, she spreads her legs wider.
Hehe... If you can give me an orgasm, I promise I won’t betray you, okay?
Will I be able to?
It’s not that difficult, you know? Ready, go!
Thrust.
Ooohhh...
It’s difficult to move my hips...
Ugh... Nnn...
It’s difficult to move, Sister Julia.
Ah... Haa... Aaahh...
What’s wrong?
I reached climax...
......?!
Look... My vagina... is twitching...
It feels like it is...
This is the signal that I reached climax...
Huh...?
And this is... my one hundred percent orgasm face...
......
I can’t tell the difference.
Sister Julia is climaxing while smiling.
You win, dear Shuichiro...♡ Congratulations... Clap, clap, clap...
Yay.
It is a victory that doesn’t bring much joy.
It’s difficult to move my hips.
Your hips? I see. Since I’m on the bottom, this position might require some getting used to.
What should I do?
Why don’t you try taking it slow at first?
Like this?
That’s right. Keep doing it like that.
And from here, gradually...
Ah, no, I’m climaxing... climaxing, climaxing, climaxing...
Uuuwah... Ahaa... Ahaa...
What’s wrong?
I reached climax.
Again?
Her vagina really is twitching, so it seems she has indeed reached climax.
I told you, it’s not that difficult, you know. I have a naturally orgasmic body.
Is that so?
My orgasm meter goes right from zero to one hundred.
That’s innovative.
Of course, that’s not all... Mm... I think there’s more to it...
This isn’t really helpful for studying, I think to myself.
Um, as for how to move...
Ah, that’s right. So you’re having trouble rubbing your dick properly inside my vagina, right?
It’s like I can’t find the right rhythm.
Should I clap my hands for you?
Clap your hands?
Okay, here I go. One, two. One, two. One, two. One, two.
......
Great job! Pat, pat... Nice rhythm. Rub, rub... Good job. One, two. One, two...
It’s like a sports festival.
Sports festival! Ahahaha! Indeed, this is a nighttime sports festival...
I feel like my hips move more easily when following the clapping.
How’s your meter, Sister Julia?
Sixty-three percent.
Isn’t that fast?
I had thought it would be more difficult to make her reach orgasm.
Mmm... Hfff... One, two... Once it starts moving, it becomes even more... Ahhh...
Oh, this is quite dangerous, isn’t it? I didn’t imagine it would be this intense...
Even though you can’t... mmm... move your hips properly...
Your dick... Mmm... Oh, no, I’m going to climax again...
Mmm... Ah, ohh... Climax, climax, climax...
Ngh... Haaaaaaa... Our compatibility is... too good...
During sex, Sister Julia seems somewhat animalistic.
Dear Shuichiro... When you bring a woman to climax... mmm... doesn’t it feel like you’ve made her yours?
......
There’s no need to hide it, you know. It’s just instinct... It’s the same as wanting to impregnate someone...
I find it difficult to argue against what she is saying.
There is a unique pleasure in bringing someone to climax.
When I feel good like this... mmm... I want to have a child... That’s also instinct, you know.
Is that so?
I just found out now... I’ve never felt... mm... this way before. So...
Her eyes roll in circles.
One, two. One... Oh my... Looks like clapping isn’t necessary anymore...
It’s not because I’m moving my hips.
Your hips are getting... mmm... faster and... faster...
I begin to feel an unfamiliar sensation as if I am getting drunk.
Ahaha. This feeling... Are... you about to... cum?
Sister Julia sees right through me immediately.
It’s okay. It’s okay... It’s your first time... Like this is good...
Ugh... guh...
Ahh, your first creampie... Dear Shuichiro’s... creampie...
Maybe it’s Sister Julia’s voice that is making me feel drunk.
I can’t have a child, so there’s no need to take responsibility... Please cum as much as you want inside my vagina...
Her words have a unique power.
I’m already climaxing... So please go ahead and enjoy yourself. Mmm... Ugh... Ah, haa...
I vigorously thrust my hips as if being reeled in.
Ahh, orgasm... Orgasm. Orgasm... O-Orgasmm...
Orgasm, orgasm... Oh, God... I’m cumming into the light...♡
It feels strange.
But I can tell that I’ve reached my limit.
Amen... Ame... ahh... Amen...
......!
And then, I immediately ejaculate inside her vagina.
Hehe, semen...
......
Is that an appropriate use of that word? I think to myself.
Haa... haaaa...
But I’m out of breath and can’t say anything.
Haa, nnn... haa... Look, dear Shuichiro, please watch, okay? Hfff... ngh...
Hmm, it’s not coming out much... C’mon!
Ahahaha! It finally came out! Thick, sticky semen... That’s why it took so long...
Here, please take a look... You ejaculated inside my vagina... There’s so much of it.
Haa... haa...
If you ejaculate inside the vagina like this, you’d normally get a girl pregnant... Luckily, I take my birth control pills...
Gh...
I see, in the end, you can’t even talk properly... after desperately moving your hips like a dog and rubbing your dick...
Now, tell me your thoughts... Your first sex, your first creampie... how was it? My vagina...
Ngh... It felt... good...
Ahaha... Yes, that’s right. It felt good, didn’t it? Ejaculating so much thick semen that it overflows...
But our personalities don’t match at all...
Even though our personalities don’t match, our bodies were compatible... I’ve never been brought to a climax like this before.
If we had continued having raw sex a bit longer, I might have gone crazy from climaxing...
......
I don’t know if it was just your compatibility with my pussy... but if you gain more experience, you might become a sexual powerhouse, you know.
Would you like to become a nun’s personal dick? I’ll let you fuck me every day, raw, right in the middle of the penitentiary, you know?
I have no intention... haa... of that.
As long as I have... a girlfriend... that’s enough.
Oh, that’s too bad... It seems hypnosis doesn’t work on you, dear Shuichiro...
Sister Julia chuckles softly.
I think that we don’t match very well, after all.
But I indeed gained some experience.
So, I bow my head as politely as possible.
It was a good experience, thank you very much.
You’re very welcome.
(END)
Afterwards, we take showers in the facility and return to our seats.
No evidence of our sexual activities can be brought into the prison.
Hmm, your semen is so thick, dear Shuichiro. Looks like there’s still some inside my pussy, you know?
She takes off the towel that is wrapped around her head. Her curly hair is very messy.
It keeps dripping into my panties, staining them...
Is that so?
Do you want to see? Look.
She takes off her underwear and hands it to me.
There’s a lot of your semen all over the part that touches my pussy.
You’re right.
And the smell is really strong. If we go back to the penitentiary like this, we’ll be caught in an instant.
Because you’re wearing the underwear.
I’m afraid it’ll be found during the underwear inspection. Hehe, it’s a big problem, isn’t it?
Are there inspections for the guards too?
Actually, there are. The guards’ underwear is also sent to the laundry room, so it’s easy to check.
Is it going to be all right?
Let’s leave it here. Ahaha, maybe I should learn from you and go commando too, dear Shuichiro.
There is a set of grooming tools here.
Sister Julia sits in front of a mirror placed at the edge and picks up a hair dryer.
Oh, could it be that you wanted it? As a celebration of losing your virginity, shall I give it to you?
I don’t need it.
She said that people’s lips get looser after sex.
You know, on my twelfth birthday, I received a present from a maid I was close with.
That’s why she had said that if I wanted to know about her, I should fuck her.
She was a young woman. I think she said she was from Saitama prefecture. She was very mentally unstable.
She would say she saw things that shouldn’t be visible or that her food was poisoned, and she did things like making over a thousand complaints to a food manufacturer and shouting at pedestrians...
She said that people from a secret underground organization were coming to abduct her... She engaged in disruptive and violent behavior.
Those sound like the symptoms of a mental illness called schizophrenia, I think to myself.
But she had many children and no other relatives... so we couldn’t even have her placed in a treatment facility.
When she needed money, she sold her children to... some strange island... Oh, right, maybe she only sold the oldest daughter. Hahaha, I don’t remember very well.
That’s so sad.
Yes, it’s really sad, isn’t it?
So, I bought that woman and confined her underground.
Why?
I wondered what would happen if I forcibly continued medication treatment on someone like her... hehe.
She says this with a smile I have never seen her make before.
She got angry when I chained her underground. Hahaha, well, that’s to be expected since all her thoughts were becoming reality.
Then, for a year and a half, I continued the medication treatment.
What happened?
She was very grateful.
She clasps her hands together, still with that radiant smile.
Her illness gradually improved. That illness is not a mental illness but a neurological disorder, so it is always alleviated with medication.
So, no matter what the law might say, restraining and medicating her was a happy outcome for everyone.
In the end, that woman said with a smile...
‘If I had continued like that, I might have hurt my children even more. Thank you...’
......
Where is she now?
She’s quietly living at some hospital. However, she can’t speak anymore.
The children who were sold are probably still in the same situation. I don’t know the details... but I hope they’re living a somewhat enjoyable life.
At least, it’s better than staying with their mother, right?
Sister Julia is broken, I think to myself.
So, you know, at that time, I thought... a person’s happiness is not decided by them, after all.
At least my—Shuichiro Minato’s—way of thinking is utterly different from hers.
What determines it is their environment... and the world that created it.
She is saying that she doesn’t decide her own happiness.
So, when I thought about it... I felt like my colorless world became a little brighter.
But I believe that it is something I can decide for myself.
That’s why I’m trying to create the environment she desires here.
But in the end, that’s not what she wanted, is it?
Sister Julia smiles softly as always.
Because, in truth... she probably wants you to forget about her, right?
......
In the end, humans... might be living by imposing something on others.
In her eyes, I see myself.
She doesn’t look calm.
When people are happy, they smile, don’t they?
In that case, dear Shuichiro... isn’t it okay to use any means necessary for the sake of a smile?
It doesn’t matter what kind of smile it is.
If everyone can be happy by ignoring rules and using unconventional methods, isn’t that okay?
Even a smile during sex still counts.
No matter what kind of smile, if it can fill the world, wouldn’t it overflow with happiness?
So, I will create the environment, the worldview that brings forth that smile.
If everyone has such an ideal, won’t everyone be happy? Hehehe...
Perhaps that is the essence of Perverse Orthofuxy.
I once made a vow to myself.
That I would even make a deal with the devil for the sake of my goal.
......
But Sister Julia is truly just as Mr. Kugitani had said.
Now... do you trust someone like me?
I cannot fathom the depths of this person.
So, a lot of things happened...
You never cease to surprise me. You’re the top contender for the Wacky Olympics, aren’t you?
Because Dr. Higuchi is in a neutral position, I’ve told her most of the plan.
Talking like this helps me relax too.
Anything else unusual happened?
As she asks, she pops open a long, slim can.
Ah, I can’t resist. Sorry, I love energy drinks. I buy them in bulk when I’m on the mainland on my days off, you know?
Is that so?
Glp, glp! If everyone’s going to drink muddy water like coffee, then I’ll efficiently consume this mixture of caffeine and sugar.
By the way, I had sex.
Pfffft!
She sprays the energy drink like a fountain.
|Cough, cough|! You said you had what?
Sex.
Pfffft!
I wonder if the second time was on purpose.
Are you okay?
Well, um... I don’t really want to say it bluntly, but... you know, how should I put it...
I had sex.
That’s something you do with someone you like... Of course, I don’t mean to question your values, Shuichiro.
It was my first time.
Oh, I see...
The person I did it with was Sister Julia.
I see...
Dr. Higuchi has a conflicted expression.
Doctor, what is a safe day?
A safe day... well, to be precise, there isn’t really a day that is completely safe, you know?
In general, women of childbearing age have the potential to get pregnant through ejaculation inside the vagina with a few exceptions.
Mhmm, mhmm.
Now, women have something called an ovulation day. It varies from person to person, but it’s usually around two weeks after their period. It’s when women are most likely to get pregnant.
I see.
Sperm can live for about three to five days, while an egg can live for one. So from a little after one ovulation day until about a week before the next, the chances of getting pregnant are very low.
Those are what we call the safe days.
So, even if you don’t use a condom, you won’t get pregnant?
It’s a matter of probability, so there’s still no guarantee. The chances are significantly lower, but if the timing is right, you can still get pregnant, you know?
Another mystery of the human body.
Do you also have an ovulation day, Doctor?
Yes, it’s today.
Today?
Yes, today is my ovulation day.
......
......
I... see...
You can get a pretty good read on your ovulation day—your basal body temperature drops, then rises by more than 0.3 degrees. From about four days after that until your period is safe-ish.
In my case, my menstrual cycle is twenty-nine days, and my period lasts for five days. So, considering the day it ended last time...
It’s today.
Yes, today.
If I were to have unprotected sex and a penis ejaculated inside my vagina, the chances of me getting pregnant are relatively high.
......
I probably would.
I see, I think to myself.
Could it be that you had unprotected sex?
She said it was okay because she’s on the pill.
Ah, I see. But there’s still a risk of sexually transmitted infections, so as a doctor, I strongly recommend using condoms during sexual intercourse.
While saying this, the doctor furrows her brow as if in distress.
That being said, I’ve heard that it feels good for men to have unprotected sex. It seems there are times when reason goes out the window.
But even during infertility treatment, they recommend aiming for the days before and after the ovulation day that I mentioned earlier.
So, on the days when it’s risky, make sure to always use condoms.
Understood.
Yes, that’s a good response!
The doctor smiles and nods enthusiastically.
I enjoy it when Dr. Higuchi rubs my head vigorously.
It seems that you need to study more about the opposite sex’s bodies, so I’ll lend you this.
She lends me a book titled, “Female Anatomy Even A Pedo Can Understand.”
It’s another part of the wide range of topics in the series.
If there’s anything not covered in this book, feel free to ask me anything.
Do women also feel better without protection?
Hmm, well, I’m not sure... I think it depends on the person. But I think it’s more reassuring and pleasurable if you wear it...?
I see.
But if you’re thinking about getting married... maybe unprotected is better in terms of pleasure?
With a bashful smile, Dr. Higuchi reaches her hand to the back of her head.
I don’t know, I’ve never done it without protection either! I was shooting to be a doctor, so even if someone I was dating back then asked, I’d always be all, safety first!
You’re very responsible.
In that sense, you’re now much more knowledgeable than me. How was it?
It was a pleasant feeling, but I didn’t find it enjoyable.
My act with Sister Julia, how should I put it...?
It felt like something important was missing.
In the end, I think emotional connection is important.
If it’s only physical, it’s no different from animals mating, right? Love is what makes it different, after all.
Love.
Love does?
Love is important. Love is the best.
In the sex I had to gather information, there was no love.
Your genitalia, Amatsu... What did he say about it?
About that, nothing.
Lately, he hasn’t been talking to me much. He only talks when we’re alone.
Oh, I see...
In the pleasure of mating, the feeling of enjoyment is lacking.
Perhaps that’s it.
And my love, even now, lies somewhere else.
Deep underground, next to hell.
Ms. Agatsuma... From my perspective, she seems even more unstable than Hazuki.
I think she might be, mentally... somewhat fragile.
Dr. Higuchi is right.
Can I trust Sister Julia?
She’s still so unclear to me. I’m unable to lean towards one side or the other.
But I’m more worried about you, Shuichiro.
......?
I think you’re the type of person who would go all the way to the end.
Dr. Higuchi says this with a hint of loneliness.
Well, anyway! Take care not to push yourself too hard. If you’re tired, take a break, okay?
Okay.
I intend to follow Dr. Higuchi’s instructions as much as possible.
But not pushing myself too hard... that is something I can’t do.
I probably don’t have much time left.
............
.........
......
...
I wonder how much time has passed since then...?
When people lose their sense of time, they also lose their sense of balance.
......
I am lying down on the hard, cold floor.
To say that I am lying down is not entirely accurate.
I can’t get up.
Number 1310! It’s your turn, hehehe... Hurry up and go to the blasting site!
The usual guard calls me for work.
I scrape the ground and prop myself up with my right elbow, struggling to lift my upper body.
My bangs hang down and hit the ground like a vengeful spirit.
What’s the matter, faking sick? When you’re just a stupid little bomber, and all you’re good for is blowing shit up and being |resilient|... gehehehe...!
After finishing my blasting duties, I finally manage to return to my cell.
Good job, Number 1310. Cut your hair already. Don’t hide that creepy eye... gehehehehee...
With a clanging sound, the iron bars close.
My body feels heavy, and I can no longer stand.
I lie down on the same spot as before.
Haa... Ah... Ha...
I’m gasping for breath.
I can’t even tell if my eyes are open or not.
My vision is distorted, and everything appears triple or quadruple.
Guh... Phew... Haa... Phew...
I can hear nothing but my ragged breath.
I can’t even manage to replace the cup that I used as a makeshift clock.
Eeh... ugh...
The cup feels heavy, and there’s nothing I can do about it.
It seems like I’ve lost a lot of weight recently.
My already thin body has become nothing but skin and bones.
Ha... ha... I’m like... a... skeleton...
Yes, a skeleton.
Just a doll that takes the form of a human.
I am no different from the other underground prisoners.
I used to be almost like a doll, but not anymore.
Ugh... Eh...
First, I’m starting to have trouble eating.
When I put food in my mouth, it feels like my teeth don’t fit together properly, and it is difficult to chew.
Even if I manage to chew, I can’t swallow.
Ngh... |Cough, cough|...
The leftovers spill onto the ground in an even more pitiful state.
Ah... huh...? Wha... happen...?
I realize that I have started talking to the walls.
For some reason, my voice just comes out naturally.
Tha...t’s... how... you read... this...
Being confined for so long, the line between dreams and illusions starts to blur.
I’m beginning to hallucinate that I actually exist.
Tha...t’s... ri...ght... ha... ha...
In front of me, he is there.
Is this how I will lose my sanity like the other prisoners?
Will I no longer know who I am and go insane?
Gyuh... ugh...
The pitch-black darkness, the unsanitary ground.
The stagnant humidity, the air filled with dust.
It feels like everything is trying to kill me.
Oh my... Hehe, isn’t that a great look for you?
Until now, my resilience was my one saving grace.
But now, it feels like my body is refusing to live.
Like my heart wants to die quickly.
So, you finally started showing that disgraceful behavior too... sewer rat.
She looks at me with a big smile on her face.
How about your insides?
......
I can’t even react to the electric shock.
Moving my body is too much of a bother.
You’re turning out quite nicely... It won’t take long for you to become just another puppet like the rest of the trash.
She looks satisfied and laughs as she sees me not even flinching.
Come on, at least put on a happy face, won’t you? I heard that you haven’t even been going to the surface during the one hour in the evening that you’re given, so I came to see how you’re doing.
I no longer go outside during my only break time.
What a waste, spending such meaningless time here...
Because if I go outside, I will definitely want to see him.
Even if it’s from a distance, I’ll want to see his face.
If you had been outside even a little, you could have heard the rumors and found out sooner...
Then, I would surely not be able to bear it.
Since this is a good opportunity, shall I tell you...
If I am by his side...
...I will surely end up causing him trouble again...
That boy, he belongs to me now.
Huh...?
A stupid-sounding voice escapes from my mouth.
He’s quite smart, you know. As soon as he saw it was in his best interest, he immediately licked my shoes and pledged his loyalty.
It feels like the ground is disappearing beneath me.
Even now, he’s running around like he’s my dog just to get his manuscript... hehehe.
Everything in my field of vision becomes blurry.
Thanks to him, Julia and Hatae have weakened quite a bit. I didn’t expect him to be so useful.
The ringing in my ears gets worse, and I start feeling nauseous.
Thanks to his busy efforts, my faction has become even stronger.
It’s like I’ve lost all sense of reality.
That’s right. So, that means...
I understand now.
Ah, right now...
...he doesn’t remember you at all. Not even a bit.
...my heart is completely broken.
So... what do you think about that?
Ah... ngh...
Gh... Aahh...
Pff... Hehehehe... ahahahaha!
Ahahaha, that’s it! That’s the face I wanted to see you make!
That’s the kind of face a sewer rat locked underground SHOULD make!
That’s the despair I’ve been waiting to see |aaaaaaall| along!
The feeling of loss finally hits me.
Thank you so much! Thanks to the story you wrote, I finally have the prison in my hands! Ahahahaha!
Despair, regret, shame, frustration...
There is no name for the jumble of emotions mixing within me.
Now, with my expanded power, let’s start with the first job! Prohibit evening outings for Number 1310!
And confiscate all her personal belongings. From tomorrow, paper, pencils, and similar items are strictly prohibited!
It’s okay... I’ll give you enough time to write a farewell letter...
But with this, you won’t be able to write those shitty poems ever again, will you...?
Don’t worry, you won’t be lonely... This place will soon be filled with fellow inmates...
Well then, please make sure to write your final words by tomorrow... Ahaha, hahahahaha!
I collapse to the ground, feeling completely abandoned.
......
This will be my last opportunity to write.
And that’s when I realize...
Gh... ha... gh... ah...
I have been saved by the act of writing, again and again.
Saved by the act of expressing my feelings.
And at the same time...
I’ve been saved by his existence, more than I can express...
Ha... ah... Ahh... gh...
I can’t move my arms properly anymore.
I’m exhausted, and even crawling is painful.
But still, I hold onto the pencil.
The worn-out pencil made out of newspaper.
Ah... ugh...
I pour all of my overflowing emotions into each sentence.
This pencil will soon be taken away from me.
I will lose everything that connects me to him.
I will truly be alone again.
Haa... ah... ugh... ngh...
As soon as I finish writing...
Ah... ahh...
...tears immediately spill from my eyes.
(END)
A mediator’s dinner is very luxurious.
Today, we have seaweed rice, potato miso soup, and a cabbage-packed stir-fry.
Chinese food... Delicious.
Barley and seaweed go surprisingly well together, I think to myself.
Since today is a Sunday, everything feels relaxed.
I slowly open the Tulip Times. Only model prisoners can read it.
......
Finally, what I was looking for has been published.
It is her poem.
Her writing after all this time...
It still feels like doomsday.
But between the lines, I pick up a yearning for hope.
......
This is what I’ve been waiting for so desperately.
Her overflowing emotions from the heart.
All right.
All systems are ready.
Preparations complete.
Now, let’s go.
The target is moving... Proceeding with the operation.
Yo, kid. You’re early for work today, aren’t you?
In the recreation room, there are already several tables set up, and the Chief is participating as a dealer.
With the shortage of staff due to punishments, it’s nice to see it crowded.
Yeah.
To cheat, we need to be next to each other like this, or else it would be inconvenient in many ways.
Chief, do you have a moment?
Hmm? What’s up?
Kid, why are you bringing that up now...?
The next moment...
......
A person silently appears and grabs my shoulder.
Don’t move... you might get hurt.
Everyone, get down on the ground! Don’t move a step!
The one barging in is Sofurin, holding a shotgun in one hand.
T-This is it...! They are gambling here, using fuxx!
Crappymori snitched.
Then, the SST starts pouring in.
Shit! It’s a raid! You guys, stick to the plan!
At the Chief’s signal, the prisoners all scatter.
Like the tide rushing out, they recede from the room.
Damn it, they escaped again...! Who is responsible for this?!
They escaped... We have the security team outside. I believe Mashiro can catch Number 0019.
Ah, there’s no need to work too hard chasing after them, you know...
All we need’s this boy here... right?
Ugh...
Thrown to the ground, I feel a sharp impact in the middle of my stomach.
The torture room, which I should be familiar with, looks different from usual.
The numerous torture devices that decorate it seem to gleam in a dull color.
Thanks for your hard work... How does it feel, boy?
Awful.
Oh, is that so?
What will happen to the people that were there...?
The captured prisoners will receive punishment, and the guards will be demoted.
And it will create an even more convenient environment for me, won’t it?
I realize that my body is trembling.
It’s as if I’m predicting what will happen next.
When did you realize?
Well, from the beginning?
Yugao speaks while leaning on her cane with her left hand, a cool expression on her face.
As soon as you started sneaking around, fuxx started circulating more frequently.
And seeing that only certain gambling dens would close on inspection days, it was natural to assume that there was an insider.
If we kept the raid date a secret from you, it would be easy to capture you like this.
And once an informant came to us, we could pin the location, you see?
Eheheh... eheheheh...
I try to suppress my emotions as much as possible and ask...
Are you saying that you had control over everything from the start?
In the end, it turned out that way, didn’t it? I didn’t intend to deceive you, though...
Since you collapsed on your own, there was nothing left for me to do, right?
You fell just one step short, boy.
One step short.
One step away from Yugao’s throat.
But my, my, you went through so much trouble for such an elaborate ruse, hiding from me in the shadows...
I must commend your efforts, so I won’t get rid of the fuxx system.
Instead, I’ll use it well.
Because if I do that, I can take control of the system... and make Tulip Prison mine. Don’t you think?
Yugao planned it all from the beginning.
That’s why she wasn’t flustered when the fuxx system became popular.
I’ve been played like a fiddle.
In other words, you’ve been totally defeated, boy.
......
The taste of blood spreads in my mouth.
But losers have a duty to receive punishment... and so do pathetic traitors.
She lights a match.
I immediately know what is about to happen.
Stop it, you fiend!
Ahahahaha!
Trashy whore.
Sore losers sure do whine a lot.
Calabash bitch.
I hate that nickname.
An electric shock runs through my whole body.
Gh... Ah!
But I hardly feel any pain.
Ngh...
Can you... forgive... a wretched traitor... like me?
Your defeat is so satisfying, I’ll forgive you.
......
But I wonder if the Special Security Team will forgive you?
I can’t take my eyes off the stack of pages she seems so happy to be waving around.
S...top... please...
Oh my, do you really want me to stop that badly...?
Please stop!
But I can’t just stop, you see.
Stop!
After all, you betrayed me!
I told you to stop!
But of course, I won’t stop!
The manuscript catches fire in a flash.
Like tinder, it goes up in flames.
Ah, scraps of paper burn so well...! Especially if they’re filled with such useless words.
With that...
...it is now gone.
The precious manuscript I wrote together with Chisato.
Ah, ahh...
The manuscript filled with her feelings.
Aaaaaahh...!
It vanishes and disappears from this world.
Aaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
Ahahahaha...! Now, you’ve lost everything! Your whole foundation!
You... You bitch!
Ah, you pathetic boy! You abandoned everything, betrayed me, and couldn’t even protect what was important to you! You couldn’t even protect a single scrap of paper!
I’ll kill you!
Kill me?! Hazuki Yugao?! You, a prisoner, have betrayed me, and this is what happens! It seems you finally understand now!
You fucking gourd! You’re worse than an animal!
And for severely disrupting the integrity of the facility, |and| for your insubordination, I hereby order the transfer of Number 0720 to the Damned Ward!
And so, as a sinner destined for the underground... let’s carve the evidence directly into his body, shall we?
Ugh...
The branding iron hisses and explodes right in front of me.
For a moment, my breath stops.
S-Stop...
Natsumi. Sakamogi.
......
Let go of me! Stop!
You calabash fucking |bitch|!
Here, this is a present for you.
For a moment, I don’t understand what is happening.
Ah...
And then, the pain comes.
It feels like something is being crushed.
Gh... ugh...
The pain feels like it’s tearing apart every single cell in my body.
And it doesn’t stop—it continues endlessly.
Uuuuugh, gaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
Ahahahahaha! Yes, that face! That’s the face!
Gaaaaaaah! Ugggghhhhhhh!
I had been looking forward to the day when I could twist that cool face of yours like this, boy!
Eeeeeeeh! Gaaaaaahhhhhhh......
It’s delightful! Ah, so delightful! Ahhhh! It was worth the wait! This is the fate of a failure!
Haa! Gwaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!
Ahahaha! Show me more of your disgrace! Show me to my heart’s content! More, more, more, more!
Gyaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!
And every time you see these scars, remember your regret for betraying me!
Rot in hell, Yugao!
Hahahaha! Hahahaha! It’s you who will rot in hell, boy!
I will drag you down to hell!
Didn’t you have some cool catchphrase? Come on, say it!
I’ll fucking inhume you, bgaaaaahhhhhh!
If you think you can do it, then go ahead and try! Ahahahaha! Ahahahahahaha!
(END)
Gh... haa... ugh... gah... ugh...
My body no longer has the strength to drink.
My throat is dry, craving the water dripping from the ceiling.
I can no longer avoid the intermittent drops.
They continue to drain my energy even more.
Taking off clothes... feels the best.
Mi...nato... Stop... Don’t... take off... your clothes...
Big sorry, bro.
Heh... heh... You’re... bad at being... polite...
A large droplet hits my face, bringing me back to consciousness.
I now know the deepest despair.
Haa... Hfff...
Since my pencil and pencil case were confiscated, my energy has rapidly declined.
It feels like my mental strength has been completely drained. As if my last regrets have been taken away.
Ah...
I find myself thinking of the walls as my conversation partners.
And the boundary between dreams and illusions disappears completely.
......
But, I think to myself, it’s okay like this.
If I fall asleep, I can surely find relief.
I will finally be liberated from the pain.
I have tried my best.
Ugh......
But for the last time, I want to have a happy dream.
I’m naked.
Not one like this...
I want to have a happier dream.
Is it too much of a luxury to hope for that?
My oldest memory lies beneath the cover of recollection.
It starts with me being crouched down in a dark room, staring at someone’s back.
That back was very large and wide.
My father had a bad leg and couldn’t walk as fast as others.
But he always cared for me.
Hey, don’t sleep on your stomach... It’s not good for you...
My father always stayed with me, so I wouldn’t feel lonely without my mother.
Don’t suck on it so loudly... Ah, I see. You like oranges.
That was a long time ago, far in the past.
Your mother also liked oranges...
I don’t even remember his voice anymore.
Oranges... They’re delicious...
But I still remember the warmth I felt from him.
My father passed away, and I ended up in a children’s facility.
People in my family always had short lifespans, so I had no relatives.
When he was young, my father was taken in by my mother’s father—in other words, my grandfather—and he became his son-in-law.
Losing my beloved father, I was very sad.
But for my father’s sake, I decided to live on the best I could.
Don’t look at me with that creepy eye!
......
I had always been with my father, so I didn’t know.
Looking at your face makes me feel nauseous... Ah, it’s so disgusting...!
My right eye had been bright red since birth.
I learned for the first time that it made people feel great discomfort and anxiety.
No matter which facility I went to, there were no exceptions.
Before I realized it, I was hitting you... I... I was scared... I don’t even want to hear your name anymore...!
I always believed...
...that even if I was beaten, kicked, or cut, help would come someday.
When I looked into that eye of yours, it’s like... I’m sorry... It felt like I was being attacked by darkness...
My father, my mother, someone... would come to pick me up.
......
Those days of happiness would surely return.
Yes, that’s what I always dreamed of.
But those days never came.
And then, people started saying...
That child is cursed.
The last facility was a terribly unsanitary place.
Ten children crammed into a room that was about twenty square meters.
We weren’t given enough food, and we weren’t allowed to use the bathroom.
My weight was only two-thirds that of the other children my age.
For their amusement, they would cut my hair and even my skin.
I told you, don’t look at me with that disgusting eye!
I often got punched in my right eye.
So it was always swollen, and to hide it from people outside, I had to wear an eye patch.
|Cough, cough|...
The facility deep in the mountains was spacious enough that my screams were not heard.
Don’t you dare puke. That’s disgusting... Clean it up with your own body, dammit!
The bruises and cuts on my body gradually increased.
When my tooth was broken, the adults laughed and said, “Good thing it was a baby tooth.”
I thought if things continued like that, I would probably die.
......
That’s when I finally realized.
No one would come to help me.
And I couldn’t keep living in dreams.
So maybe it was just a conditioned response from me.
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
I used gunpowder, my father’s memento.
It was the only thing my father left me.
Perhaps that was the moment when I finally said goodbye to my family.
Ahhh......!
After guiding the other children outside, I was the only one late getting out.
The house caught on fire, and my right side, where I pressed the detonator, was engulfed.
Ahhhhhhhhh...! Aaaaaahh!
My burning skin was hot and painful.
I was on the verge of tears.
Die, you cursed brat! Die!
The voices of resentment lingered in my ears.
My actions were not recognized as self-defense.
By then, I knew why.
All the greatest and wisest doctors, lawyers, and judges hated me on sight because of my right eye.
And then, I was transferred to this prison.
That was before it became a prison exclusively for perverts.
At first, I was in a different prison.
However, due to repeated rule violations, I was branded as “damned” in less than a year.
I had never done any of those things.
But as I was hated by all the guards, there was nothing I could do.
......
By that time, I had completely lost the ability to speak.
And I never dreamed again.
Even in this prison, I was a nuisance.
Even the gentlest and calmest correctional officers would raise throw up their hands in defeat once they took charge of Inmate Number 1310.
They locked me in because they believed that I would commit murder if left to my own devices.
I was completely banned from any contact with prisoners or guards, including during my one-hour break in the evening.
Absolutely no one was allowed to meet with me.
Thanks to my experience in the previous facility, I didn’t think it would be so difficult.
From then, I started growing out my bangs on the right side of my face.
To hide my red eye from everyone.
Thanks to that, I found peace.
No more random beatings or verbal abuse.
Instead, the prisoners didn’t approach me to avoid trouble.
The guards looked at me with disgust and didn’t try to engage in any unnecessary conversations.
I was completely ignored.
I had a face that made it seem like no one was there even when I was present.
I blended into the air and disappeared.
......
I no longer existed anywhere in this world.
I had disappeared into the curse that was my right eye.
In the end, I understood what had happened.
In the end, I came to terms with it.
Because I |was| cursed.
I wasn’t a child who read many books.
I never went to the library, and my father had never read to me.
I only went there because I couldn’t talk to anyone and thought I didn’t need to.
That was before all those books were blacked out.
Oh...
Haa... Ah... ugh... Mm...
It was there that I learned to masturbate.
This feels... so... good.
While I was doing that, the endless hours seemed to grow a little shorter.
Those books contained a lot of knowledge.
Maybe they also held the things I needed to survive here.
In time, I came to love those books.
No one came there, no one hit me.
They taught me many things I didn’t know.
I finally felt like I had found my place.
But despite the sunlight that shone in, the sea breeze blew through as well, making it uncomfortably cold.
It’s... c...old...
The library was a very cold place.
So you’re the cursed girl that every assigned officer has run away from, huh?
She appeared a few years later.
It was long after this place had come to be known as Tulip Prison.
A person who walked with a cane, dragging her thin leg.
Unlike me, she had very beautiful black hair.
I’ll be your assigned officer starting today. Let’s get along well... sewer rat.
She had just become a correctional officer, and her uniform was brand new.
It seemed like she volunteered to take care of difficult prisoners to advance her career.
Pack up your belongings and go down to the underground. You won’t be seeing anyone anymore... after all, everyone hates you.
From there, my life only got worse.
Since you’re underground anyway, why not do some work befitting the Bomber?
She was someone who enjoyed giving electric shocks.
Otherwise, this will continue forever... So what’s your answer?
......
Using her cane, which supported her injured right leg, she would often shock my stomach with electricity.
And I |was| good with explosives.
I could remove obstacles with less gunpowder than others.
By effectively managing previously useless prisoners, she quickly rose in rank.
Within a few years, she became a captain.
Living in the underground, I found my place.
I would write poems to pass the time, and I heard rumors that they were being spread. It made me happy.
Here, I wouldn’t be scolded or beaten by anyone other than that person.
I wouldn’t be cut, trampled on, or exposed.
I probably wouldn’t be killed, either.
Because I had become a person who didn’t exist anywhere.
But there were thousands of painful things.
When that person appeared, she would always turn on the lights too bright.
Maybe she was afraid of the darkness more than anyone else.
Maybe she had some deep trauma.
Perhaps, just like me.
Hehe... So you’re still alive, sewer rat?
Just hearing her voice made my body tremble.
My heart shrank, and a tightness settled in my chest.
Honestly, your attitude... even though I came all the way here just for you, you can’t even respond?
She seemed to want to confirm that I was suffering.
She looked displeased as soon as she saw me, trying my best to hide my emotions.
Gh... ah...
Hahaha! If you want to keep living here, then continue to disgrace yourself. Just for me... hahaha.
And with a refreshed expression, she walked away after delivering an electric shock.
Her face was the same as the adults I encountered on the outside.
Continuing to receive electrical shocks, I became more and more apathetic.
I lost everything, from the will to resist to the will stand up.
I thought about dying many times.
After all, what meaning was there in living in such a place?
Just breathing in the darkness of the underground.
Could I even call myself human?
Ugh...
If I died, I could find relief.
If I died, I would be freed from the endless suffering.
Please... God...
This child... Please help... this child...
But for some reason, I just couldn’t.
I was... thinking... about a... name... What... kind of... name... would be... good...?
I shouldn’t have had any attachments to this world.
Ah... how cute... And I... get to be... your mother...?
It shouldn’t have mattered if I died right then.
So... please...
But for some reason, right before I attempted to die...
Please... grow up... healthy... Isu...mi...
...the image of an unfamiliar woman appeared only in my red right eye.
It was pathetic, how that was all it took.
All it took to make me cling to life again.
So, if there is indeed a curse placed upon me...
...it might be someone’s wish for me to keep on living.
However, it seems that I won’t be able to hear that wish anymore.
Even when I wake up from my daze, my vision is blurred.
I can hardly feel the sensation of water on my cheek.
I realize that my body temperature is dropping rapidly.
Haa... hfff... gh... haa...
Perhaps I will die like this.
Like the other prisoners, I will become an unconscious corpse.
That would be fine.
To close the curtains on my life without anyone knowing.
That would be such a fitting way for me to die.
Ah... ah...
But if... just if...
Even at the end...
...if my wish could come true...
If I could have one more dream...
I... want... to see... him...
I want to see him again.
I... want... to see him...
If I could see him one last time, I would be so happy.
Even if it’s just for a little while, I would love to talk to him.
It would be nice if I could say it directly this time.
At that time, you know...
...when you called out to me, I was so surprised, but...
...I was really happy.
Even when I was all alone in a lonely cage.
Even when I had forgotten about my own existence.
In that cold library, when I was all by myself...
...you’re the only one who found me.
So...
We have been through many difficult things.
But you know, since that time, there was something I wanted to tell you.
Th...ank... you...
Thank you, Minato.
Even when I shouldn’t have existed anywhere...
Thank you for finding me.
Thank you for saying that I’m here.
Thank you for teaching me that I’m alive in this world.
Thank you for saying that we’d prove it together.
Just that was enough to save my heart.
You know, I’m not good at talking.
And you don’t really listen to me either.
So I couldn’t tell you for a long time.
Mi...na...to...
I love you.
So, really.
Really, really.
Tha...nk... y...ou...
I see.
You’re big welcome, bro.
Ah... haa, haa...
So, that was my last dream...
Even if it was an illusion, it was a very nice dream.
......
......
Chisato.
......
Wake up, Chisato.
......
Chisato.
Whoa...?
Her eyes widen.
......
......
Is this... a dream?
Reality.
She sleepily blinks her eyes and repeatedly confirms the sensation of my hand.
You’re... rea...lly... not... a wall...
Her hands are very cold.
It is as if they have become one with this cold underground place.
Why... are you... here...?
I came to see you.
I point to the left side of my chest.
Now... we match.
There is a barcode with the number 0720.
Wh...at...?
Chisato slowly lowers her face.
What... have you... done...?
Don’t cry.
That... That’s never... going to... go... away...
I’m so happy to be the same as you.
You idiot...
Her hair has turned completely white.
Why... can’t you... listen... to what... your elder... says?
I’m truly... ashamed.
You’re a... ughh... colossal fool...
I often hear that.
She has grown so thin.
You... dummy...
Yeah.
In the time we’ve been apart, this is what has happened to her.
Why... d-did you... come... here...?
I... deserted you... and I even left... the manuscript... behind...
It was you who said you wanted to rewrite it.
If Chisato feels the need to rewrite it, then I also want to see that happen.
It’s still not complete.
As a producer, I have an obligation to see it through to the end.
But...
Both you and the story are important to me.
But if I had to choose one or the other...
Without hesitation... I choose you.
More than the story, more than completing the game, I choose Chisato.
In other words... I’m crazy about you.
What else could this feeling be if not love?
B-But... w-why...?
Even though... everyone... says my eye... is scary...
Why... only you... Minato...?
Someone said that her eye is like darkness.
And they said that humans fear the darkness.
That’s why Number 1310 is despised.
That’s easy.
But it doesn’t matter.
My nickname is ‘Exhibitiman.’
Because exhibitionism is something done in the twilight.
I’m a person whose reason for living is undressing in the dark.
No matter how much darkness tries to envelop me...
If an exhibitionist is afraid of the dark... they won’t survive.
...it’s like being cradled in my own mother’s arms.
......
Because I am an exhibitionist, I was able to meet her.
Because I am an exhibitionist, I can love her.
Surely, that’s why I became an exhibitionist.
To fall in love with you.
Surely, I am, now, completely naked.
Maybe it’s what they call fate.
I don’t believe in such things, though.
I have abandoned everything and come this far to chase after you.
Ah... surely, that’s what it is.
Now, I will show you my grit.
From now on, I swear on my life that I will never leave you.
So, from now on, I want you to call me Shuichiro.
And let me call you... by your real name.
Chisato, her fake name, is not enough for me.
I want to call her by her real name.
As a producer and as a lover.
My... name...?
Yes.
If... you say it... you’ll be... cursed...
It doesn’t matter.
No one... wants... to... hear it...
I really want to hear it.
Just... hearing it... will make you... feel sick...
If that’s how it is, you can go ahead and curse me.
If I can call you by your real name.
No matter what happens, it doesn’t matter.
Because I risked my life to come here.
It’s a selfish request, but it’s okay.
Gh...
She bows her head and covers her face with both wrists.
Ah... gh... ugh...!
She wipes her face over and over again.
Ugh... uuuugh...
Desperately, she continues to rub her eyes.
Gh... gah... aaahhh...
But even so, it keeps overflowing.
Now, tell me your name.
She sheds large tears.
Chisato’s real name is...?
And then, sobbing, she says...
I...su...mi...
My... name... is... Isumi Kurokane...
She says with a distorted face.
Isumi.
Y-Yeah...
From now on, I look forward to working with you, Isumi.
Uh-huh...
She nods.
Finally... at... the end...
Somehow, her clenched hands...
I had... a... good... dream...
...have become very, very warm.
(END)
