It has been a while since the target has visited the gambling den.
Maybe if I were a fool, I would be drowning in that first taste of success, gambling away all of my winnings back into the house’s pocket.
But I’ve never even considered such a thing.
I inherently dislike gambling.
I only play games that I know I can win.
I-I-Is it true that this person is coming to the gambling den?!
Number 0858 rushes into the torture chamber, raising her voice so much that her manners are lost.
I received that report, yes. What about it?
She has the paper that the boy wrote with the winners’ list in her hand.
There are even a few people who they |always| let win big, every time they visit the casino...!
I stole a copy, but not the original paper.
The highest-ranked one is a really rare visitor, so this is a perfect opportunity...!
That is...?
Captain Shikolenko...
......
......
Why Sofiya...?
I-I don’t know. It seems that there is someone in there who wants her to win a ton, and it says to make her win no matter what.
Indeed, Sofiya does not belong to any side.
She adheres to neither Agatsuma’s faction nor Mizushiro’s, making her a rare neutral party in the prison.
If I had to assign her anywhere... perhaps she qualifies as part of Eriko Higuchi’s faction.
From that perspective, it does make a kind of sense for them to attempt to buy her loyalty.
Captain Shikolenko is so serious, I’ve never seen her come in before... so I never got to try it with her...!
But the ways they’re supposed to let her win are crazy...!
When she bets on a single number, straight up, they have to give it to her every time...!
I skimmed through a few books to study up on roulette.
The payout for straight-up bets...
It’s, it’s, it’s, it’s, it’s... thirty-five times...!
A thirty-five-fold return.
If we were to bet the 8.8 million fuxx we have right now...
It would be 380 million fuxx, plus the original amount.
Being able to earn nearly forty million yen in cash all at once...
Y-Y-You don’t get a lot of chances like this...! It’s a get-rich-quick...! I could win everything back...!
......
You’ll be happy, and I’ll be happy... Happy, lucky, yay...! Eheh, eheheh...!
Stake the entire fortune of 8.8 million fuxx on this one bet?
That would be a bit too risky.
Can we really trust that woman...?
I’m monitoring her every move, but she has made no contact with either Hatae’s faction or the Agatsuma’s faction... She’s one hundred percent clean.
The question is whether we can believe that one hundred percent.
I’m talking to a prisoner.
She’s not to be trusted completely.
Her offer sounds a little too good to be true...
But also, too good to let slip.
300 million fuxx is too much money to miss.
I-Is this... the infamous giant casino...? How in the world did someone manage to bring in so many prohibited items...?
All right, don’t panic, Sonya...! I’ll infiltrate it alone this time and gather solid evidence before they can escape like they always do!
Oh, why hello there! Welcome, Captain Shikolenko! Please go ahead and gamble to your heart’s content!
Huh? No, that’s not me...!
It’s fine, it’s fine! You’re here to turn your life around with a dramatic comeback, right? Then this is the one for you, the Grand Circle of Flowers Roulette! It’s like your luck is in full bloom!
S-She’s here...! Boss Shikolenko is here...!
Sit at the table next to her, Natsumi.
Understood.
The dealer today is not the Hatae girl.
Although I don’t see her face often, she must be someone’s protégé—if not the boy’s own.
This table is reserved for high rollers, you know? The minimum bet is one million fuxx.
Huh? What? I don’t have that kind of money...!
Then consider the first round a bonus! I’ll lend you a one million fuxx as a special treat!
Um, I don’t really understand, but for now, let’s start with these numbers that go from one to eighteen...
Black four...! Congratulations, esteemed customer! Even chance pays even money! Here you go!
Huh, two million fuxx...?!
Next is two million fuxx! The minimum bet increases by one million fuxx each time.
Huh?
Please bet!
Sofiya continues to win without understanding the rules.
Um, I want to go home now...
Another big win! Here’s seven million fuxx!
Huuuh...?!
She continues to profit steadily even though the payout is low due to her betting on odd or red-black.
Ahh, I don’t know what’s happening, but my pile keeps getting bigger...! What is this?!
She’s... She’s not betting much...
......
The probability of a hit is 2.63%.
Common sense dictates that one’s chosen number is an unlikely number to come up.
No sensible person would make a gamble like that, leaving everything to chance.
Now, the minimum amount is eight million fuxx. Please bet!
So, is it a rule that I can’t leave this place unless I run out of fuxx...? Then, here goes... Hyah!
No one would bet like that—if she were |trying| to win.
I-It’s tiiiiime...!
Sofiya bets on black thirteen.
The roulette wheel is still spinning.
There is no call from the dealer.
I-If you don’t bet quickly... it’ll be no more bets...!
Can I really trust this woman?
If I don’t bet here, I’ll miss out on something big.
But if I’m being set up, I’ll lose at least eight million.
Ms. Hazuki...
Do I pull the trigger?
I only have this one chance...
Go ahead, Natsumi.
......
Natsumi slides 8.8 million fuxx forward.
Oops, sorry.
Huh...?!
The customer next to her reaches out and gets in her way.
No more bets...! Now, let’s see the result.
The ball lands in a spot.
Black thirteen.
Natsumi’s fuxx are placed right next to it.
On black ten.
......!
Ohh, we have a big winner here! Thirty-five times the eight million single!
No, I don’t need it...
Wait!
I also bet on black thirteen!
Huh? Well... That definitely looks like a ten to me...
This man interfered before I could reach it!
Huh...? I’m sorry, I wanted to bet on thirty-two...
I’m telling you...! I bet on thirteen!
Well, it’s not unreasonable given the positioning...
But if we allow that, other people will start trying to change their bets after the fact, you know?
That’s true, but...!
I have an idea! Look, Boss Shikolenko is here! What do you think?
Huh, me? Um, well... it sounds to me like you’re blaming the man for your loss...
See? Even the esteemed captain of the Obscenity Ward says the same thing!
Or maybe you... I’ve never seen your face before... Do you have a more distinguished witness than Captain Shikolenko?
Gh...
There are only a few prison officers who outrank Sofiya: Julia Agatsuma, Warden Mizushiro, and me.
But I, Hazuki Yugao, can’t step out there in this situation.
This is the rule, so I apologize... We’ll have to confiscate your initial stake.
She collects the 8.8 million fuxx with a dragonfly-shaped stick called a fuxx rake.
I’m really sorry... but customers without an initial stake are supposed to leave the table.
Gh...!
Ahh, ahhhhh...! Such a big bet...! It was supposed to be an easy win...! I told you...!
Rrrg...!
Eep...?!
Tell me, who’s the next biggest target?
Thirty-five times the bet is only for Boss Shikolenko...! I don’t know if I can handle this situation anymore...!
Tch...!
I knew I was right to doubt her.
After all, there was the possibility of losing the eight million fuxx, which is a huge sum of money.
But the opportunity loss would have been too great.
300 million fuxx in arm’s reach, and we lost it.
Ahh...
How are we going to get it back?
Hand me that paper.
W-Well, it’s impossible to win it back by trying to mirror a target again! It’ll be too obvious, and we’ll get caught...!
I take the paper from Number 0858.
The characteristics and specific names of the targets allowed to win at roulette are listed in a row.
And on top of that...
A surefire way to win at blackjack...?
I’ve heard of blackjack before.
I recall it being a game where the goal is to get as close to twenty-one as possible by playing cards, and if you go over, you lose.
Um... There’s a way to guarantee you’ll win at blackjack... Exhibitiman taught me that...
But I’m not smart enough to remember it... So I decided to go with roulette instead...
Come to think of it, I heard her say something like that before.
A surefire winning strategy for blackjack.
It’s about calculating probabilities and memorization.
But they say you can’t make big wins in blackjack... It’s not that profitable...
Well, it’s not like it’s set in stone, right?
Eh...?!
It would seem riding the boy’s coattails is not the |only| way to win.
I see. I’ve just heard something useful.
From this hint, it’s up to me to come up with a way to make big profits on my own.
If I only play games I know I’ll win—then all I have to do is make it so I can’t lose.
And I’ll take all of that hidden fuxx for myself, boy.
It’s been about three weeks since I was thrown into the Damned Ward.
As my condition worsens, time has begun to fly by.
|Cough, cough|...
First, my coughing is uncontrollable.
It feels like something is stuck in the core of my chest, and I can’t help but cough.
And after every coughing fit, I feel a pain that resonates on the right side of my ribs, making it impossible to sit.
Lying down and repeatedly coughing, my strength is being drained away.
Unable to eat properly, I can’t get up anymore.
But my throat is still dry, so I crawl to where some water flows.
Shu... Shuichiro...
On the other side of the iron bars, Isumi is anxiously watching.
She just finished her blasting work and has returned.
Isu...mi... did you get what I asked for?
I... prepared it... but it’ll take... a little more time.
I... see...
Showering yourself... in cold water... is not good... It’ll drain even... more of your strength... I’ve seen that happen... to many people...
You look... energetic...
Isumi is still energetic even in this environment.
In an environment that would drive a normal person insane in a month, she seems unaffected.
I don’t... think I can... have sex anymore...
Although she previously lost a lot of her strength, she can now move around actively.
I honestly think it is amazing.
It’s... okay... I’ll masturbate... I can... endure it...
If possible... I want you to endure without doing that too.
Why?
Your voice arouses me.
That’s... not good...
When I’m weak, ejaculating feels danger... |cough, cough|...
You don’t have to... talk anymore... Your throat is... dry, right? Open... your mouth... Ahhh...
She soaks her piece of cloth in water and squeezes it over my mouth.
Sorry, it’s... dirty.
I feel better, thanks.
She lifts the black cloth.
On her chest, there is a burned-in barcode and her prisoner number.
Do you still... not want to show me that yet?
No... because I became... the same as you... Shuichiro... I’m not... afraid anymore.
We had sex... many times... and you’ve seen me... a lot... You called me... beautiful.
So no matter where... you look at my body... I’m not scared anymore... because you loved all of me.
Even my scars... my burn marks... and even my eye... You can accept them... all.
She smiles, showing her teeth.
You know... it’s not good... to sleep all the time... Here... lean on me.
I lean on her.
How... is it?
It’s warm.
I can feel Isumi’s warmth through the thick wall.
Hey... Shuichiro.
When... When everything... is over... I want to watch... fireworks... with you.
Fireworks.
I feel like I haven’t seen them in a while.
Big fireworks... I’ve always wondered... if I could watch them... with someone I love... how beautiful they would be...
Yeah... That would be nice.
Watching fireworks with someone you love.
Whether they’re big or small.
They would be so beautiful. Nothing could be better.
By the way... About the story.
You said you wanted to fix it to be like setting off fireworks... so I still don’t know the ending.
What will happen in the end?
It’s still... a secret.
But I’m sure... you’ll show me... soon.
I hope it turns out that way, I think to myself.
Life underground... it’s not as bad as I thought...
Yeah... as long as you’re there... that’s where I belong.
We lean against each other.
The final confrontation is drawing closer with each passing moment.
(END)
The boy’s note only contains a vague outline, so I end up having to research on my own.
......
Oh, Captain Yugao...! It’s rare to see you here.
......
You read books too, Captain Yugao? I never knew. Oh, have you read this? A self-help book I recommend, it’s quite inspiring. ‘Make Money Like I Make Babies: Confessions of a Pro—’
Please go away, Sofiya.
Huh? Um, okay...
It seems that there are no books about gambling inside the prison.
Certainly, it’s not something that would aid in rehabilitation, so it’s only natural.
Captain Yugao, I brought some reference books... secretly from the mainland.
Saying that, Natsumi gives me five or six paperback books.
Thank you for that.
My pleasure to serve.
Wasn’t it Sakamogi who bought them?
It was.
Natsumi has always been loyal to my orders.
Ever since I helped her when she was being bullied here, she seems to think of me as her master.
But I chose the books.
Mhmm... And Sakamogi is...?
Since it’s been a while since she’s been to the mainland, she wanted to look at some clothes. She said she’ll go to the city center tomorrow when she has the day off.
Oh, I see.
Having a strong sense of duty and sometimes helping people is a good thing.
Even if it’s for selfish reasons.
There’s nothing more suspicious than a book that promises a surefire strategy.
I-I see...
She is now the head of the SST.
Of course, it’s with the help of my power, but it’s like having a very useful large dog.
You all need to learn a little more about the world, or you might be deceived by bad people.
Y-Yes, ma’am...!
I don’t point out that I’m one of those bad people.
I see.
I flip through the book vertically.
Is there something wrong?
I understand the basic rules.
Already...?
Blackjack is not such a difficult card game.
Basically, it’s a game between the player and the dealer, and the one with the cards closest to twenty-one wins.
The face cards—jack, queen, and king—are worth ten points too, and aces can be treated as either an eleven or a one.
If you win, it’s double the bet, and if the first two cards are an ace and a ten-point card, it’s blackjack, and it pays two and a half times the bet.
The dealer hits until they reach seventeen or more, which means they have to draw cards.
In the case of having twenty-one against blackjack, the blackjack beats it, and if both the dealer and the player have blackjack, the dealer wins.
When you have two cards of the exact same value, you can “split.”
You can also raise your bet by taking just one more card in a move called a “double down.”
When the dealer has an ace, there is a high possibility of the dealer having blackjack, so you are given an opportunity to take “insurance.”
Hmm... So that’s what the boy was saying.
You can also “surrender,” where you forfeit and get half of your bet back.
What... does that mean?
Do you know why blackjack is advantageous for us?
I don’t know.
It’s because the house edge is constantly changing, and there are already strategies in place.
......?
I made a mistake in telling you something difficult to understand...
I’m sorry...
For example, if you draw an ace when there are only tens and face cards left in the deck, you can almost certainly get a winning hand.
In this way, the cards that have already been played have a big impact on the next hand.
That’s why it’s not a game where the casino always has an advantage.
This is the reason why the boy said it could be profitable.
Is there really a strategy?
It seems like it.
But, Ms. Hazuki, you said earlier...
Don’t correct me.
Yes, ma’am.
It’s true: there |is| a more-or-less guaranteed way to win at blackjack.
When you have a certain hand and the dealer has a certain hand, there seems to be a predetermined action that gives you the highest winning probability.
Is it this chart...? The ‘Basic Strategy?’
Depending on what the other people at the table are doing, for each kind of hand, you either hit for another card, stand to hold your total, double down, or surrender...
It seems like it has all been compiled into an algorithm called the Basic Strategy.
There are quite a few patterns...
......
Should we make flashcards or something?
......
I used to make them for everyone to use on exams.
I’ve memorized it.
Already...?
It’s just a list of numbers.
Not exactly hard to fit into my head.
So, that means... you’ll never lose at blackjack, Ms. Hazuki?
Not exactly.
There’s no such thing as a casino game that you can lock down so easily.
True certainty takes a little extra effort.
Captain Yugao, it’s Ohtabe.
Good work today.
It’s my first time coming to your room...
I suppose it is.
May I come in?
I’m coming.
......
......
May I come in?
I told you no, didn’t I?
......
I hate it when people enter my personal space.
......
I called you because the sound of my cane is noticeable and I don’t want to walk a long distance.
......
Carry me there.
Yes, ma’am.
The place we arrive at is not the torture chamber, but rather a corner of the rehabilitation center.
The former would be more suitable for confidential conversations, but the moon isn’t out today.
I apologize for the inconvenience.
I am both Captain Yugao’s shield and spear.
That’s a good response.
So, what can I help you with?
This.
I throw a deck of cards onto the desk.
Is this about... that winning strategy for blackjack?
Yes. What kind of cards do you think would be advantageous for the player if they were left in the deck?
I don’t know.
Think a little.
Natsumi tilts his head with her usual expressionless face.
Since it seems like it’s going to take a while, I speak up.
From tens up to aces. Do you know why?
I don’t know.
It’s because the dealer has to keep hitting until they reach seventeen.
The more high cards are left in the deck, the more the dealer is at a disadvantage.
It increases the chances of going over twenty-one... and busting.
And yet, surrendering is a move that is only allowed for the player.
Now, if you knew the ratio of ten-and-up cards remaining in the deck, wouldn’t it be easy to decide whether to play or not?
So... you’re saying that if you remember all the discarded cards, you can win?
Doing that much would be impossible.
So, we’ll do a simplified count.
Assign minus-one to 10 to Ace.
Assign zero to 7 to 9.
Assign plus-one to 2 to 6.
By adding up all the cards that have been played, you can tell that there are more 10 to Ace cards left if the count is positive, or more 2 to 6 cards left if the count is negative.
Is it possible to do that?
You don’t think so? Then let’s try it.
With hands not used to playing cards, Natsumi shuffles the deck and spreads about twenty cards on the table in a row.
10, 3, 5, 9, Ace, Queen, 7, King, 4, and 3...
Plus-two.
...Most people can’t do math that fast.
It’s just addition and subtraction. You can do it too.
This time, I spread the cards.
Jack, King, 10, 5, 4, 7, Ace, 6, 5.
Um, one, zero, six, ah, eh, uhh...
......
......
I wasn’t very serious when it came to studying.
Uh-huh. I see.
When I look at numbers, I start to get hungry...
If you can calculate this, you can know the bias in the deck.
But even if the count is plus-three, it won’t mean anything if we don’t take into account how many cards are left in the remaining deck, right?
That’s true.
So, we need to have numbers that take that into account as well.
If we know how many cards are on the table, there’s no problem.
Most people judge how much is left in the deck based on how it looks.
Most of |which| people...?
I’m not skilled enough to judge at a glance...
But I remember how many cards have been played.
......
......
You can remember how many cards got played while also doing math...?
Well, yes, that’s trivial.
Most people wouldn’t say that...
If we know how many cards have been played, we can get more reliable numbers.
If there are five decks of fifty-two cards, there are 260 cards total in rotation. If the count is plus-two, then...
...we just need to divide that count, our plus-two, by the percentage of remaining cards—which is just 260 minus the number of cards played, divided by 260.
If there are 100 cards on the table, it would be two divided by 160/260. Which is 3.25.
Now, how do we use this calculated value?
Society really has its conveniences, doesn’t it? If the count is three or above, or if it’s three or below, it’s easy to know what to do...
I place the photocopied paper lightly on the desk.
Because strategies like this are already in circulation.
Ah, so it wasn’t something you came up with first, Ms. Hazuki?
......
......
Well, I had thought of it too...
Ah, I’m sorry...
But no matter who came up with it, it doesn’t change the fact that it’s a winning strategy, does it...?
It just slipped out...
Ordinary people can’t accurately count the number of cards, right...?
I didn’t mean to belittle...
Yes, this is already a thought-out strategy.
So, it has been thoroughly tested to a high degree of confidence.
It can be used without hesitation in a crucial moment.
Um, I can’t do math with fractions while keeping tabs on how many cards were discarded... I think it’s amazing...
Oh, really?
And those two strategies too...
All right... I’ve got it.
To memorize them in an instant... I think that’s just as amazing.
Compared to a master’s thesis, this is nothing.
Captain Yugao... what’s university like?
There are cliques and power struggles. It’s the same as everywhere. It’s not worth bothering with.
......
Was it a bit cruel to say that to her...?
She |did| want to study, even though she’s stupid.
So, why did you call me?
No particular reason.
Huh...?
I just thought I’d show you that I learned how to do this.
......!
Are you happy?
I’m really happy...
That’s good. Good girl.
Ah, stupid dogs are easy to own.
If you give them a reward, they’re so simple to keep happy.
Now, you should learn how to do it too.
......
Here, memorize this.
Yes, ma’am...
......
............
..................
I forgot to mention.
Yes?
When you’re silent, I can usually tell what you’re thinking just by looking at your face.
I-I’m sorry.
......
......
Well, for now, let’s go eat.
Giving food to a dog is also the owner’s duty.
The pet I used to have... it wasn’t a dog but a cat.
A cat that lived freely and could never be chained.
Even though I was betrayed by that cat.
So now, I’ll give it a harsh punishment.
(END)
I learned the counting and strategy sheets.
But they’re meaningless if I can’t use them in practice.
Useless, until they meet actual gameplay.
So, I decided to call Natsumi and test her.
Nom, nom... Mmm, mmm...
......
Mmm, mmm...
What are you mumbling about?
I’m sorry... I was eating... lunch...
Well, I did call you out of the blue...
I didn’t have time to eat lunch... because I had a fifteen-hour shift...
I always tell you to make sure to slack off sometimes. You’ll ruin your health in no time.
I’m fine because I’m young...
Are you saying I’m not young?
......
......
Um, I didn’t mean it like that!
Well, it doesn’t matter.
You have always been beautiful... and lovely...
But that’s not what we’re talking about now.
...so gentle... and full of compassion...
Stop hyperventilating and listen, Natsumi.
Counting is meaningless if you can’t do it naturally.
It’s pointless if you can’t do it while having a conversation.
I stand up and lean on my cane.
During the cold season, my right ankle hurts and my movements are sluggish.
......
She lifts me up with one hand and puts me in a chair closer to the desk.
Thank you.
Ohm, ish no pwoblem...
It would’ve been better if you weren’t stuffing your face with hamburger.
In reality, dealers often try to disrupt card counting by frequently engaging in conversation.
I don’t know if the Hatae girl will go to such lengths, but it’s better to be prepared with a countermeasure.
That’s why you should talk to me.
Uh...
Anything will do. I’ll just be moving my hands over here.
......
Um...
There was... a cat that came to the school I used to go to...
I didn’t ask you to tell a story.
I’m sorry...
Come to think of it, Natsumi is not very good at talking.
Maybe I should have brought a more talkative security guard.
The security team, especially Natsumi, were never good at speaking to begin with.
Except Fushimigawa, who would be talking to me non-stop even if I wasn’t asking for it...
W-Who... do you like?
I’ve never had anyone I liked.
For now, I won’t know until I actually play.
I prepare some chips and test the strategy out with Natsumi using four decks.
The result is my overwhelming victory.
Is it... really possible to win this much?
I’ll need a little more practice. It’s too suspicious to win overwhelmingly like this.
You need to be able to lose when you’re supposed to and achieve overwhelming results when you win.
Constantly winning like this is the worst thing you can do.
If you can win this much... what do they mean when they say ‘Blackjack doesn’t pay?’
There’s a simple reason for that.
If anybody cheats, you can just ban ’em.
Just... |ban| them?
Because cheaters only bet on outcomes with high expected values, they’re trivially easy to identify.
It doesn’t matter if it’s during the game. Just grab them by the collar and drag them out.
I heard that even in Las Vegas casinos, they just ban anyone who wins too much at blackjack.
That’s how easy it is to spot cheating.
I see... But why does it take several minutes? It would be better to crack down immediately.
Pointing out cheating carries its own risks.
If the accusation is wrong, then when they make a ‘suspicious move’ the next time, we won’t be able to apprehend them anymore.
That’s why when catching cheaters, we need solid evidence.
Wow... So, even thugs have their own sense of pride, huh?
You’re one to talk, you fake friaress.
But then, why do you have blackjack? The house edge is uncertain, and there is a possibility of cheating. The risks are greater, right?
The answer to that is simple. Blackjack is popular.
The rules are simple, and you can play intuitively. It may not seem like it, but it generates considerable profits for us.
I heard it’s the most popular game in some casinos.
Since one game is short just like baccarat, many people get hooked on it.
Now that you say that, dear Crappymori did get addicted and lost control, didn’t she?
But gambling is not something you can easily win at. And half-baked players will end up getting burned.
However, on the flip side... there’s nothing more troublesome than scummy lowlife players who actually know what they’re doing.
After finishing the training, it’s time for practical experience.
But there is still information that I lack.
What we don’t know is how long it is from when a person is discovered until they are banned from entering.
The time until they are banned...
If you cheat, it will eventually be exposed. The question is how much time it takes.
How much time it takes...
If we can take away all of their fuxx before we are discovered and accused, then there won’t be a problem.
I see...
What is... that?
It’s a rice ball.
......
......
Ah... inside is pickled plum and bonito flakes.
I didn’t ask.
I don’t want to cause trouble by being hungry... so I brought a lunchbox in advance.
Well, aren’t you fancy?
......
......
Ah...
......
I don’t want it.
I see.
Natsumi is a gentle giant with a big body and a kind heart.
There are other things we need to know for a sure victory.
Hyuu meam we musht gaffer infommation, righ’?
Are you not satisfied unless there’s something in your mouth?
But if I have to use my brain now... sugar is important.
......
So, in other words, we need to infiltrate Number 0019’s casino and gauge the time...
Yes, because we need practical training... that’s why I dispatched ‘that girl.’
I never thought I would set foot in this place for work again...
Haaa...! Himeru, you better nail this!
If I get found out, I could get fired. I have to give it my all!
Will she be okay?
Don’t worry. I know what she’s like, but she comes from a good family and graduated college...
Uhh... plus zero, plus one, minus one... Ah, wait! I haven’t finished the math yet!
......
......
Afterward, I sent a few spies and determined the time.
Fushimigawa got banned. It was about ten minutes after the dealer gave some kind of signal from behind.
I see. So they need that much time to be sure.
There’s a possibility of being called out afterwards, isn’t there?
Oh no, Natsumi, if you don’t point out cheating during the game, it’s too late. They told you the same thing before, didn’t they?
Even if you say something afterwards, it’s just a complaint from a disgruntled customer.
If that were allowed, anyone could say anything whenever they wanted.
In other words, the time limit is ten minutes.
Even if it’s discovered, we can definitely continue playing for at least five games...
In the course of our reconnaissance, we make one more discovery.
It seems cheating is impossible unless the person next to you is an insider.
If you leave the shuffle to someone else, you can’t use any tricks.
In addition, we confirmed that the cards themselves have nothing out of the ordinary.
As they’re limited to going through the smuggler, it was easy to determine with a little investigation.
They are very common playing cards, used even in overseas casinos.
So, the boy’s notes came in handy again.
If we have this covered, that sneaky little girl won’t be able to pull any tricks.
Mashiro has implemented the strategy multiple times and counted the number of cards. It’s three hundred and twelve cards, which is six decks.
Understood. But please don’t come in the middle of the night, Natsumi.
And finally, what we need is the capital.
If we’re going to steal a large sum of money, we’ll need some ammunition as well.
But we lost all the fuxx we had in our previous loss.
However, if we don’t have any betting money, we can just make cash.
Thank you for choosing Clothes Forgo Bank!
If we convert fifty million fuxx into cash, it’ll be around five million yen.
It’s not too high a price to pay if we can control this prison and make the boy’s life hell.
Five million yen is a considerable amount for an individual...
I have some savings, so you don’t need to worry about it.
Where did you get it from?
Marriage funds.
......
......
You took out... of your marriage funds?
Yes.
Why?
Because I have no intention of getting married.
......!
It was just a savings account. The ‘marriage funds’ label is just the name of the plan.
I don’t have any intention of getting married, and I doubt I’ll find myself in a situation where I urgently need the money I saved.
Well, the repayment of my academic loans might be delayed a bit.
If you had told us, we could have contributed too...
I haven’t fallen so low as to make a group of poor people like you give me money.
......
Besides, it won’t be a problem anyway.
Because if we win, we’ll get everything back.
After a few weeks of preparation...
...all the plans have finally been completed.
Hehe... Ahahaha...
Now the preparations are ready.
All right, let’s go.
To make the boy and his friends know true hell.
Until then, be good and wait patiently... won’t you, boy?
......
It’s quiet in the Damned Ward...
Only the half-dead rattle of breathing can be heard.
Here, people go mad in about a month.
The four weeks I’ve already been here have been gnawing away at me.
......
I can barely see anything anymore.
The sensation in my body has disappeared.
But the silence is shattered by the sound of boots.
It’s about time for your break to end... don’t you think?
I told Isumi that it was a matter of willpower.
It seems that was true after all.
I clench my fist. I should have had no strength left.
Hehe... Are you ready?
Of course,” I respond.
Let’s go, Natsumi.
Yes.
This time, I intend to play personally.
The risk may be greater, but card counting is something only I can do.
I tried it with the other guards in the SST, but they were a bunch of idiots who couldn’t put it into practice.
And if it’s my own money at stake, I can’t trust anyone else.
Excuse us.
When we open the door, the pseudo-casino is bustling with activity.
My body tenses up as we are recognized.
A familiar face approaches from the back.
Oh, oh, look who it is... It’s Captain Yugao. I didn’t know you loved your job so much that you’d come in and bust us at this hour.
No, not today... I’ve come as a guest. I want to gamble.
Or is a captain not allowed to play a round of roulette?
Oh, no, come on in—we’re all equal here in the eyes of the dice. But there’s no special treatment for anyone either.
That’s fine.
So, what do you wish to play? Cee-lo, odd-even, roulette, baccarat, poker... We have everything here.
It seems that you do... Well then, how about we play blackjack?
Blackjack?
I’ve played it a few times when I presented my thesis overseas. It’s better to play something where you know the rules, you know?
The mention of blackjack makes Taeka look suspicious.
Or is there a problem with that?
......
But it’s impossible to decline my request to sit down.
No matter how much she investigates me, she won’t find any information about me being knowledgeable about gambling.
The truth is, I simply don’t like gambling.
Step aside. I’ll be the one to entertain this guest.
All right, happy to oblige.
It seems she intends to take up my challenge.
Number 0019 takes the dealer’s position and looks at me once again.
All right, please take the player’s seat.
Before that, I have one thing I want to make sure of.
Once you sit here, it means you’re ready to begin the game.
But before that, there is one thing that must be clarified.
I heard that the sky’s the limit here.
With a few exceptions... we don’t end a game for our own convenience. We pride ourselves on being an old-fashioned gambling den.
I see. Lately, I’ve been feeling a bit unstimulated... Maybe it’s because I got rid of a stupid pet cat I was spoiling too much?
What are you trying to say?
I can’t get excited with half-hearted gambling. So, shall we go all the way? Can you remove the betting limit for me?
......
What do you say?
Getting her to accept this term will be the biggest challenge for me.
You talk big. I assume you have enough cash to play with, right?
Yes, of course... Natsumi.
She takes an attaché case out from beside me and opens it wide.
50 million fuxx. Will this be enough?
......
What they want to avoid is an influx of fuxx from elsewhere that they don’t control.
If it’s no good, we can go to a different gambling den.
So this 50 million fuxx is a real prize.
She wants to squeeze it out of me if she can.
I’ll accept that challenge. But I have a condition.
What is it?
Allow surrender for the house as well.
Surrender is the player’s right to acknowledge defeat in exchange for halving the payment.
If I allow it, I won’t be able to squeeze it out of them at the crucial moment.
I can’t allow surrender. It’s too advantageous for you.
I want to eliminate any uncertainty.
If surrender were allowed for the house, I might miss out on making a profit with a crucial move.
Or is it because even the matriarch, who made a living from gambling, is afraid to compete against prison guards with little gambling experience?
Don’t underestimate me. I’m carrying the Hatae coat of arms on my back.
In that case, let’s make it a rule that the game ends when the cards run out. If it drags on forever, it’s bad for business for us.
Adding cards in the middle would render card counting useless.
In that sense, ending the game when the deck is depleted would be a very favorable bet for me.
Fair enough.
It’s all going according to plan, I think to myself as I manage to hold back my smug smile.
For the ‘sky’s the limit’ rule, we showed all our funds, right? Isn’t it only polite for you to show yours?
Hey! Bring it over.
At the signal from the girl, the thug behind her starts running.
A group of five men bring in cardboard boxes.
And in front of me is a pile of banknotes worth about 300 million fuxx.
Are you satisfied with this?
Yes, thank you.
My heart rate suddenly rises.
If I can get my hands on this, the prison will be mine.
All right then, let’s take our seats...
Dozens of my loyal puppy dogs from the SST who were waiting in the wings rush in and surround the table.
Finally, Natsumi sits next to Number 0019.
Please don’t take it the wrong way. It’s only natural to protect oneself when you’re infiltrating enemy territory, right?
What the hell do you think you’re doing in this sacred gambling den?!
Can it...! Don’t touch them...
They must have a plan in place anyway, for the case that we try to take it all by force.
After all, they need to protect their stash, no matter what it costs them—right?
Besides, hahaha... if we’re suspected of cheating, it won’t sit well with either of us, will it?
In that case, it’s best to take it fair and square.
Gambling, face to face.
Haa...
She clicks her tongue softly and takes out six decks of cards.
Brand-new decks, still shrink-wrapped.
She opens them and skillfully shuffles the cards.
Last, you shuffle.
All right.
And finally, Natsumi mixes them thoroughly, creating a state where cheating is absolutely impossible.
We’ll put the cards in this semi-transparent box. If we could see exactly how many were left, it’d be hard to concentrate on the game.
There is no sign that any cards are being concealed.
It is undoubtedly impossible to cheat here.
Let’s go over the rules.
The game is blackjack. There are no betting limits with the ‘sky’s the limit’ rule. A blackjack beats twenty-one.
And as per the usual rules, in the case of a tie, the dealer takes all.
All right.
Once the box of cards is empty, the game is over. If the game is in progress, it will be finished and considered unable to be continued.
Sounds good.
All this thoroughness must mean that she is being highly cautious of me.
Now... let’s start the game.
But even if the deck becomes invisible, it’s not a problem for me.
As long as I remember everything, it doesn’t matter.
(END)
At first, I keep losing.
A Seven of Hearts and an Eight of Diamonds, a total of fifteen.
The dealer is showing nine.
Hit.
I slam the table.
Seven of Spades... Bust at twenty-two. You lose 1.5 million fuxx.
Even when I play according to my strategy, I often end up losing.
The girl, having regained her composure, and remains calm.
Calm, even when I win.
Apparently, in certain casinos, there are even tips for the standing dealers.
Hmph... Isn’t it natural for prisoners to have standing jobs?
Well, of course. Hehe.
She casually makes a light-hearted remark.
It’s been getting quite cold lately.
Oh, I thought you guys were hoarding enough money to keep your pockets warm.
Hehe, true enough. But I assume the guard quarters have heating and air conditioning?
Since it’s a dorm, the prices are cheap. But the higher floors are not good. The sea breeze is too cold.
So it’s a special kind of cold that only the captains get, huh? Must be something else.
Number 0019 has been constantly talking to me.
Is she suspecting me of counting or bluffing?
Either way, it doesn’t matter. I can still do the math.
The count is minus one, and forty cards have been dealt. We’re at another minus one.
I use the basic strategy.
......
A nine and an eight, so seventeen. It’s not too bad.
If the dealer’s hand is six, even if she draws a ten-pointer, she’ll still have to hit again, increasing the chances of busting.
Stand.
Hit, three. Hit, four. Hit, six... Finished at nineteen. Hehe, time to collect.
This makes it fifteen losses in a row.
Before I know it, my remaining fuxx have depleted down to 22 million.
......
I want to tell her not to look at me like that.
There’s nothing to worry about.
The real game starts when the deck gets smaller.
After that, I continue to win some and lose some.
But I keep losing at crucial moments, and before I know it...
Only one hundred cards are left in the deck—we’re down to the last third.
Today’s a good day, isn’t it? Don’t you think so, Ms. Yugao?
Well, who knows?
The count is plus-seven.
It’s heavily skewed towards the positive side.
Now, for the next game... Please bet.
I’ve managed to do well up to this point...
As intended, both my fuxx and the deck have been reduced without raising any suspicions.
There doesn’t seem to be any scrutiny.
......
......
The entire security team has been monitoring every move, but they believe there’s no possibility of cheating.
Now, it’s time to start the plan.
Bet, 10 million fuxx.
I place a stack of bills on the table.
No more bets...
And the cards are dealt.
The first is a ten.
And the second card is...
T-That’s...
......!
Blackjack with an Ace of Clubs... That’s two and a half times the payout, right?
Yes, just as I thought.
My method is not wrong.
From there, my momentum is unstoppable.
I suddenly start winning with the technique I have been saving for this time.
Double down. Add 5 million fuxx.
My fuxx, which had been disappearing, now keeps increasing.
Stand... I win with the dealer’s bust.
If there’s a chance for a comeback, I take it.
Surrender. Give me half back.
If the odds are bad, I quickly withdraw.
I keep piling up wins—first six in a row, then seven.
Hey...
The suspicious Number 0019 gives a signal from behind.
But it’s already too late.
In ten minutes, this will all be over.
Split... Oh my, I have a count of twenty-one. How lucky I am.
......!
And just like that, I quickly make up for my previous losses.
Before I know it, I’ve increased my fuxx to 60 million.
......!
The girl is turning green, as befits her age.
Indeed, the deck is still filled with ten-point cards and aces after my early losses.
And if they’re still in there now, then I definitely have the advantage.
My counting method is not wrong.
Maybe today is a good day after all, just like you said.
Yeah... that might be true.
But the truth is, I don’t have time to be so carefree.
After already going through another twenty cards, there are only fourteen left.
We’re down to just two games.
Want a break? My throat is dry. How about some tea?
I’m fine. The game is too interesting for me to feel anything.
I’ve only won 30 million so far, for a total of 80 million fuxx.
It’s nowhere near the other side’s 290 million.
If I don’t win big next, this battle is meaningless.
Please bet...
The count is now at plus-eight.
This is where the real game begins.
Bet, 60 million fuxx.
......?!
What...?
Even the girl gasps at the considerable bet.
Are you sure? If you lose that much after having so much fun, you won’t be able to leave with a smile on your face, you know?
It’s just money won from gambling. It’s more fun to lose it all in a spectacular way, don’t you think?
But that amount...
Or... was that sky-high limit nothing but an empty promise?
......
A plus-eight count means the player has a significant advantage.
And it means the dealer is at a disadvantage.
If I don’t bet big here, it’s meaningless.
No more bets...
The dealer deals the cards clockwise.
Natsumi’s first card is a Jack of Hearts.
......
I have an Ace of Hearts.
......
The girl has a Ten of Clubs.
......
And my second card is...
Oh my, to get a queen here and now!
I drew a queen—that’s blackjack.
Natsumi, considering the next game, stands.
Then the dealer, the girl, reveals her second face-down card.
Shit...
The card she draws is a jack, giving her a total of twenty.
Blackjack wins... hey!
From her underling’s hands, the fuxx piles up next to me.
Now I have 150 million fuxx.
I’m close to their total assets now.
I-Impressive...
Every cell in my body wants to let out a cheer.
If I could, I would burst into a roar of laughter.
But I still have to restrain myself and not show any signs.
Sorry for winning so hard... |just by luck!|
Tch...
Number 0019 seems irritated, occasionally sending glances behind her.
But it’s already too late.
Catching cheating only works if you can do it before the game is over.
By the time you little fools are certain... the game will long since be over.
Any accusations after that will amount to nothing more than the disgruntlement of a sore loser.
And the next game will use up the last of the cards.
Please place your bets...
Even though I’ve already won a good amount, having the same amount as these guys doesn’t sit well with me.
In this final round, I’ll take it all.
75 million fuxx.
But even so, I have to win through logic.
That’s what I advise myself.
Losing half of the money wouldn’t hurt, and I’ll still be up 25 million...
......
The cards are dealt.
Natsumi’s first card is a 10 of Diamonds.
My card is a 6 of Spades.
......
The dealer has a King of Clubs.
Next, Natsumi is dealt a Jack of Clubs.
And I receive a 10 of Diamonds.
......
And now, I’ve got a terrible hand.
With sixteen against the dealer’s King, surrender is the recommended move.
Looks like you’re in a tough spot. Have you finally been abandoned by your luck?
The girl says this to me, her face slightly recovered.
That’s right. From their perspective, it doesn’t matter if I surrender.
Half of 75 million fuxx is 37.5 million.
If it ends there, they’ll walk away with 12.5 million of my money.
......
So, I take a deep breath and concentrate.
From the nine cards that were left, there are now only four.
And the running count has dropped to zero.
It’s truly a disadvantageous situation to say the least...
......
That’s when I finally realize.
The count always adds up to zero, no matter what.
And with four remaining cards, there are only a few possible combinations.
10 to Ace: Two cards.|7 to 9: No cards.|2 to 6: Two cards.
10 to Ace: Zero cards.|7 to 9: Four cards.|2 to 6: No cards.
10 to Ace: One card.|7 to 9: Two cards.|2 to 6: One card.
Only these three patterns.
Hffff...
It seems like I got too worked up.
That’s right, I have an absolute advantage in this final match.
Only I accurately know the number of cards.
Even if I choose to surrender, I want a little more information.
Natsumi...
Yes...
Natsumi hits.
And the card that comes out is a Jack of Diamonds.
With that, you bust.
And now, the count is minus one.
In other words, the remaining possibilities are:
10 to Ace: One card.|7 to 9: No cards.|2 to 6: Two cards.
Or...
10 to Ace: No cards.|7 to 9: Two cards.|2 to 6: One card.
Just these patterns.
What will you do next, Ms. Yugao?
From a strategic standpoint, surrendering here would be the standard move.
Collect half my bet and end the game.
And never gamble here again.
Ms... Hazuki...?
Would I be satisfied with 37.5 million fuxx?
Even though it would reduce my winnings, is that enough?
No way.
Double down.
I’m already on the verge of reaching it.
If I reach out my hand, using this mountain of money as a foothold...
A total of 150 million fuxx.
I will reach 250 million.
The number needed to take away all the remaining hidden fuxx.
What...? Are you insane? Doubling down on a sixteen?
Yes, it’s a make-or-break moment. I may as well try it here.
......
This isn’t a game I can’t win.
If it’s between two and five, I won’t die.
The probability, even in the worst-case scenario, is one-third.
It’s definitely not an impossible number to get...
Haa... ahahaha...!
I can’t help but let out my voice.
Ahahaha! I can’t believe I drew the exact card here!
The card that I was dealt...
...was a Five of Clubs.
Which means, my total is twenty-one.
Unbe...lievable...
The girl is speechless.
And rightfully so, because she lost a game that she should have won if I had followed the standard strategy.
This was a method that I could only consider because I had kept track of the exact number of cards.
And in the end, I won the gamble.
Yes, today is definitely a good day! To be able to draw this card at the last moment... ahahaha!
I no longer need a strategy.
I have my own winning method.
Now, go ahead... show that card.
I point at the dealer’s facedown card.
The only way to lose with twenty-one is against a straight-up blackjack.
In other words, unless she draws an ace, her defeat is certain.
What’s wrong? Don’t tell me... you have a reason why you don’t want to show it?
......
Only one high card and one low card remain in the deck.
And the probability of the high card being an ace is extremely low.
There’s no way there’s one still hiding in there.
It can’t be.
Hffff...
I notice that my hands are sweating.
My heart rate is increasing, and the sound of my heartbeat is loud in my ears.
......
Ah, how annoying.
I don’t like this kind of tension.
Let’s just get it over with.
Well then...
Hurry up and flip the card. Decide the outcome of the game.
Let’s settle this...!
With my victory...
...everything will come to an end.
Hehe, ahahaha...!
I can’t contain my laughter anymore.
Ahahaha! Ahahaha! Ahahaha!
Ah, really.
Truly pathetic.
If that card were an ace, you could have beaten me.
If you could have pulled that, you would have won 150 million fuxx.
Of all things, you drew a plus count!
The card that is shown is a Six of Spades.
Six, a card on her side of the equation.
But tragically, it’s not an ace.
What a shame! If only you had drawn an ace, you could have won! Your luck was lacking at the crucial moment!
......
Number 0019 keeps her face down and remains silent.
This only brings me more joy.
If only you hadn’t gotten a king at the beginning, you wouldn’t have had such a difficult hand, right...?
If she hadn’t, the outcome of the game wouldn’t have been clear yet.
She might have had a chance to make me draw one more card.
But because she drew a king at the beginning, this is how it turned out.
In the end, you’re just suited to be a sovereign of thugs... Ahahaha! Hahaha!
To be able to make this woman, who has always rubbed me the wrong way, kneel like this.
I truly have to thank that boy.
......
Now, let’s see what the defeated mob boss has to say.
So... do you have any comments, |Chief|?
I’ll listen carefully.
The card you had in the previous game was a Queen, right...?
Indeed, it suits you... That’s what I thought too... just like a Queen Bee...
With her head still down, the girl continues muttering.
But... I wouldn’t say |I| drew the king.
The one who pulled it from the deck... was a man who swore to take over this prison, and made his own luck through sheer power of will.
What...?
What on earth is she saying?
Did she lose so badly that she’s delirious?
Humans are strange creatures, you know...
You...
Even a woman who can’t trust anyone can still blindly trust a winning strategy that she found herself.
What are you talking about...?
If the dealer has sixteen or less, they must hit. Let me do so.
She takes the last card from the deck.
And then, she slams the card onto the layout.
Oh my, this is quite interesting, isn’t it...?
I am at a loss for words.
This makes a total of twenty-one.
The card revealed is a Five of Hearts.
In a tie, the dealer takes all, right, Ms. Yugao?
(END)
Amazing...
When the Chief opens her hand, the cards have transformed into something else.
Is it really amazing?
Like a magician...
I see. I don’t feel bad being praised like that.
But you know, this is just a kind of magic trick. It’s something a third-rate cheat would do.
The Chief scatters the cards on the spot.
First of all, when you’re forced to do these kinds of tricks, it means the house is already losing. And the risk of being caught is just not worth it.
Besides, most practical tricks like this require a partner next to you to work.
Actually, I was helping next to her.
I didn’t notice.
But you see, the gambling scene is always changing. You can’t decide who will be next to you, and the risk is too high to do it.
That’s why real experts use this.
The Chief hands me a new deck of cards.
What is this?
It’s a short deck. Open it and see.
I open it with a crisp sound, and new cards come out.
While sliding the cards, I examine the contents.
There’s one less Ace...
That’s right.
The Chief nods with satisfaction.
For example, in blackjack, the more ten-and-up cards there are, the more disadvantageous it is for the dealer. They have to keep dealing until they reach a certain number.
But on the other hand, if you remove those cards from the beginning and have more favorable cards... twos through sixes, for example, then you have the advantage.
How did you prepare this?
I had obtained a large number of cards through Mr. Kugitani.
I can’t imagine that he was selling anything like this from the beginning.
I made them. Do you know you can make packaging in the leather room?
Come to think of it, I’ve done it before... in a way.
As long as we have the prison’s facilities, we don’t need any sleight of hand. We open these packs up like new, fair and square, in front of the customers.
Performatively opening up a new deck of cards before the players’ eyes makes it seem unlikely that there are any tricks inside.
Most people would never suspect that they were tampered with in the workshop.
Then why not take out more ten-point cards and aces, and put in more low cards from two to six...?
That’s why I said earlier, cheating must never be discovered.
Especially with cards, since they are physical objects, if someone got their hands on them, the evidence of cheating would become clear.
So that’s how it is, I think to myself.
But adding one more card wouldn’t make that much of a difference, so I’m doubtful.
Don’t worry, kid.
It’s strange, isn’t it? Surprisingly, something as simple as this can come in handy in a real pinch.
Huh...?!
I let out a surprised gasp.
Ms... Hazuki...
That’s impossible...
This can’t be happening.
There’s no way my count was wrong.
The previous count was minus-one.
So the last card should have been either a ten, a face card, or an ace.
If it were a ten-pointer, the dealer would bust, and even if it were an ace, I would win against seventeen.
If that’s not how it is, something’s wrong.
You cheated!
You’re quite spirited, aren’t you, Ms. Yugao?
Be quiet, I’ll throw you in solitary!
For what crime, exactly?
The crime of cheating and making a fool of a correctional officer!
And how would you |know| that?
I mean, unless... there’s no way you were counting the cards, were you?
......!
I can’t say, “I was!”
Counting cards is against the rules.
I can’t tell her that I was counting and it doesn’t add up.
Check the cards! We should be able to tell that way!
That argument only works during the game. Nitpicking at this point just makes you a sore loser.
I am at a loss for words.
She’s using my own plan against me...!
Or is it... something else, Ms. Yugao?
I can’t believe the captain of the Serious Offenses Ward would refuse to pay the money she lost...?
Gh...!
Restrain them! They’re violating the code of conduct!
Understood!
The SST that was on standby jumps into action.
How amusing. Bring it on! I won’t tolerate mischief in my gambling den. Not me, Taeka Hatae. Give these motherfuckers a warm welcome, boys!
Uwaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
The thugs who were waiting in the back counterattack.
The recreation room is thrown into chaos in an instant.
You tricked me, didn’t you...?
Eeeehhhh!? I have no idea what you’re talking about!
You were told by the boy to manipulate me into playing blackjack, weren’t you?
It’s not my fault! I didn’t do anything wrong!
Torture this woman, Natsumi! Let’s see if she can still say the same thing after her marrow is extracted!
Eeep...!
Understood.
I would prefer it if you didn’t understaaaaahhhh...?!
Gyaah! Ouch! Stop it! Ahh! Gyaah! My waist doesn’t bend... ow... at a right angle! Gaah! My guts... My guts are gonna come out!
I was a fool.
Ah, I was so foolish.
I fell for such a simple trick.
I was completely set up.
Shit... Everyone who was in the gambling den has been thrown into solitary, but that’s not enough to satisfy me!
When I think about it, I could have just forcefully apprehended them the moment they took out the physical fuxx.
There is no one in the prison who can overpower me.
If I just had Natsumi buy time while I gathered the soldiers, that would have been enough.
......
But in the end, I forgot about all that.
I, too...
...was defeated... by the power of gambling.
That... brat...!
Thanks to him, all of my 50 million fuxx...
That boy took it all away from me.
Mmhaaa... Mmhaaaaa...
Hahaha...! It must feel good to deceive me, doesn’t it?
Huhhh...?
But did you really think I would just give you the money?
I-I didn’t say anything...!
Despite everything, even though I was so absorbed in it, I am not one to leave things to chance.
Their total assets amount to 350 million fuxx.
There is still a way to take it all from them.
I have a message from Fushimigawa... A man carrying a large cardboard box has left the building. We are following him.
When a large sum of money is involved, it naturally means that the physical fuxx must be moved.
In other words, the fuxx stash, which is located somewhere, must be returned to its original location.
So I told them to bring it here.
It’s about time to get put down that annoying cat with a habit of biting... Let’s go, Natsumi.
Eeeehhhh?!
Understood.
Hey, umm...! Are you... just gonna leave me here...?
In that case, I just need to chase after them and confiscate it with my authority as captain.
I’ll take it all from them.
Yes, everything has been arranged such that my final victory is guaranteed.
Wait for me, boy...!
There are ways to get into the underground everywhere.
But the passage to the Damned Ward is only known to a limited number of people.
Have all of the SST waiting on the surface.
We’ve also retrieved all the people who hid underground.
Take control of the elevator. And the breaker. So we can storm in if necessary.
What should I...?
You will also stay on the surface and look after the others.
But...
That’s an order.
Understood...
I hate the darkness.
It makes me feel like I can see things that shouldn’t exist.
It reminds me of |that| time—my past—and that makes me nauseous.
......
But still, the anger boiling up from within me drives me forward.
Just like when I was tormenting that sewer rat.
(END)
